## All

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

Your survey responses help guide and shape our school culture, community, and classes. Take your time to give us honest feedback that we can use to make Turing even better. 

* [1412](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/16xsJsBuqlymtnJVsirXaGXdp_whrfWwXJRBhPwTwjPk/viewform)
* [1502](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1K-j2VGi4wVywbuVFy8MBI1LkDXc9wX3miEg0itgaW1g/viewform)
* [1503](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1yye8-o9cRm-EN6SwmjJXuknX6iqiNjIu4GLpB6NmRww/viewform)
* [1505](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1NNJlhVatk_GkTN4Kz2Hu5fuyYyi8KQw096vveF-Nhcs/viewform)

### Gear Up (9:00 - 9:45)

This morning we're going to work on [Critical Conversations](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/crucial_conversations.markdown).

Go ahead and start the session in your small groups like this:

* Tyler Graham & Charles Valentino Espinoza & Justin Holzmann & Dustin Gault
* Justin Holmes & Rob Cornell & Rachel Parri & Minnie Lee
* Drew Conly & Marla Brizel & Sally MacNicholas & Jeffrey Gu
* DJ Greenfield & Kyra Steenbock & Chelsea Worrel & Markus Olsen
* Mihir Parikh & Michelle Golle & Max Millington & Whitney Hiemstra
* Morgan Miller & Lovisa Svallingson & Alex Tideman & Fred Block
* Josh Cass & Kristina Brown & Max Tedford & Rebekah Sosa
* David Daniel & David Stinnette & Edward McCarthy & Jai Misra
* Michael Merrill & Drew Reynolds & Rick Bacci & Brett Grigsby
* Tracy Caruso & Margarett Ly & Kit Pearson & Miriam Moser
* Kenny Chen & Michael Dorrance & Kyle Henson & Mike Reeves
* Patrick Medaugh & Jack Yeh & Sebastian Abondano & Samson Brock
* Jason Wright & Erik Butcher & Adam Caron & Rich Shea
* Lori Culberson & Austin Wood & Lev Kravinsky & Justin Pease
* Paul Grever & Andrew Fink & Mitch Ashby & Trey Tomlinson
* Andrew Carmer & Eric Dowty & David Shim & Tess Griffin & Thomas Leskin
* Dave Maurer & Jamie Kawahara & Vanessa Gomez & Dmitry Vizersky & Jerrod Paul Junker

### Lightning Talks (9:45 - 11:00)

Be in the big workspace at 9:45 sharp.

* Tino Espinoza: Math, Not Even Once 
* Eric Dowty: Ageism in Tech
* Austin Wood: Learn You a Turing for Great Good!
* DJ Greenfield: Metaprogramming is metacool!
* Edward McCarthy: Folding@Home
* Kristina Brown: Recursion vs Iterative Loops
* Kit Pearson: Turing Your Code-along Into Notes
* Kenny Chen: DDoS
* Rob Cornell: Computer Aided Dispatch Systems (What Happens When You Call 911) 
* Josh Cass: Noncompete clauses
* Lev Kravinsky: Performance Optimizing Fibonacci

### Guest Speaker: Josh Scott from Craftsy (11:00 - 12:00)

He's the founder and COO of [Craftsy](http://craftsy.com)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/josh_scott)


### Group Retros (1:00 - 2:00)

* 1412 - Classroom A with Horace and Raissa
* 1502 - Classroom B with Jorge and Sam
* 1503 - Classroom C with Josh and Rachel
* 1505 - Big Workspace with Jeff and Mike

### Student-Led Sessions and One on Ones. (2:00 - 4:00)

#### Q&A with Meeka Gayhart and Ben Lewis from Quick Left

Come meet with alums [Meeka Gayhart](https://quickleft.com/blog/author/mgayhart/) and [Ben Lewis](https://quickleft.com/blog/author/blewis/) to talk about Quick Left, the transition from Turing to real life, blogging, and some other awesome things. The Big Workspace near the kitchen.

#### Learn How to Set Up and Build A Ruby Warrior (2:00 - 4:00)

Join Rick in Classroom C.

#### Talking 'Bout Vim (2:00 - 4:00)
Vim is not daunting, it is just fast. Join JGu in classroom B to get started with useful commands, a .vimrc, and some preliminary
plugins. Please git clone [this](https://github.com/jgu2160/beginning-vim) .

Join Jeff Gu in classroom A.

#### Whiteboarding with Kyra and Miriam (2:00 - 4:00)

Join Kyra and Miriam and learn how to waterboard.  I mean white board. Classroom B.

#### With Mike

* 2:00 - Marla Brizel
* 2:20 - Sebastian Abondano
* 2:40 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 3:00 - David Shim
* 3:20 - Max Millington

#### With Jeff
* 2:00 - Justin Pease
* 2:20 - Rachel Parri
* 2:40 - Justin Holzmann
* 3:00 - David Stinette

#### With Rachel

* 2:00 - Drew Reynolds
* 2:20 - Josh Cass
* 2:40 - Lev Kravinsky
* 3:00 - Whitney Heimstra

#### With Josh C

* 2:00 - Alex Tideman
* 2:20 - Rebekah Sosa
* 2:40 - Michael Merrill
* 3:00 - David Maurer
* 3:20 - Erik Butcher

#### With Jorge

* 2:00 - Chelsea Worrel
* 2:20 - Eric Dowty
* 2:40 - Michelle Golle
* 3:00 - Patrick Medaugh
* 3:20 - Jack Yeh

#### With Sam

* 2:00 - Margarett Ly
* 2:20 - Lori Culberson
* 2:40 - Tyler Graham
* 3:00 - Jamie Kawahara

#### With Horace

* 2:00 - Charles Valentino Espinsosa
* 2:20 - DJ Greenfield
* 2:40 - Trey Tomlinson
* 3:00 - Dmitry Vizersky

#### With Steve

* 2:20 - Kit Pearson
* 2:40 - Austin Wood
* 3:00 - Markus Olsen

#### With Marissa

* 2:00 - Edward McCarthy
* 2:20 - Rich Shea
* 2:40 - Tess Griffin
* 3:00 - Thomas Leskin
* 3:20 - Tracy Caruso
