Today in History: In 1972, Popeye's is founded in Arabi, Louisiana. Oh, and President Reagan
challenged Mikhail Gorbechev to tear down the Berlin Wall in 1987.

## All

### SURVEYS AND BREAKFAST (8:30 - 9:00)

Eat and fill out surveys.

* [1412](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1XZKf8OJx2kp_polNSkBWX2m5KPFGq2Oet3xjA-jYLp4/viewform)
* [1502](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1saxfoxCm44cW6uOA1EJegwG5W1E5nzPI8fHQNYx5wks/viewform)
* [1503](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1iUimA6-ESNKSX3YBzAseUoB-KHz1H2_F8Uzn7MD97EE/viewform)
* [1505](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1UP7VgZb558TKulP1yCTr-ZAxs_Xb_uhyGay7_y2F4mw/viewform)

### Guest Speaker (9:00 - 10:00)

Rosa from [LaunchCode.org](http://launchcode.org) joins us.

### Group Retro (10:00 - 11:00)

* 1505 - Big Workspace
* 1503 - Classroom B
* 1502 - Classroom C
* 1412 - Classroom A

### Guest Speaker - Jason Fried (11:00 - 12:00)

Jason is one of the founders of and CEO of Basecamp, formerly known as
[37Signals](http://www.37signals.com).

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/jasonfried)

### Gear Up (1:00 - 1:45)

1502 please meet with Jeff in Classroom A.

This afternoon we're working on learning:

[Spaced Repetition](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/learning_and_spaced_repetition.markdown)

Please gather in the following groups on time at 1pm. You can spread out to Classroom B, Classroom C, and the workspace.
Be back in the workspace **at 1:35**.

* Justin Pease & Chelsea Worrel & Edward McCarthy & Lovisa Svallingson
* Michael Dorrance & Sebastian Abondano & David Shim & Andrew Fink
* Brett Grigsby & Margarett Ly & Vanessa Gomez & Austin Wood
* Drew Conly & Rachel Parri & Lev Kravinsky & Jai Misra
* Whitney Hiemstra & Rob Cornell & Adam Caron & Paul Grever
* Jamie Kawahara & Samson Brock & Alex Tideman & Rick Bacci
* Josh Cass & Kyra Steenbock & Erik Butcher & Tyler Graham
* Michael Merrill & Jason Wright & David Stinnette & Dustin Gault
* Justin Holzmann & Sally MacNicholas & Trey Tomlinson & Rebekah Sosa
* Jeffrey Gu & Drew Reynolds & Mitch Ashby & Max Millington
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Mike Reeves & Miriam Moser & Justin Holmes
* DJ Greenfield & Dave Maurer & Morgan Miller & Marla Brizel & Markus Olsen
* Rich Shea & Charles Valentino Espinoza & Kit Pearson & Max Tedford & Dmitry Vizersky

### Cross Cohort One on Ones (1:45 - 2:00)

Sharing is caring. Meet up with your pair for 15 minutes. Things you might want to talk about:

* What was the highlight of your week, either personally or school-wise?
* What did you struggling with this week, either personally or school-wise?
* What are you excited about? 
* What are you worried about? 
* What are you doing to relax this weekend?
* What are you doing to reinforce your learning this weekend?
* Are you taking care of yourself (sleeping, exercising, eating)?
* What are you learning right now that is not taught in Turing classes? 
* How can we support each other? 

Before 1:45, DM your pair and set a place to meet so that you don't waste time trying to find each other :) 

#### Pairs

* Dmitry Vizersky & Edward McCarthy
* Alex Tideman & Markus Olsen
* Rebekah Sosa & Trey Tomlinson
* David Stinette & DJ Greenfield
* Marla Brizel & Tyler Graham 
* Sebastian Abondano & Chelsea Worrel 
* Lovisa Svallingson & Thomas Leskin
* David Shim & Tess Griffin
* Max Millington & Whitney Heimstra & Jack Yeh
* Drew Reynolds & Austin Wood
* Lev Kravinsky & Patrick Medaugh
* Lori Culberson & Erik Butcher
* Justin Holzmann & Michael Merrill
* Justin Pease & Eric Dowty 
* Jamie Kawahara & Charles Valentino Espinosa
* David Maurer & Kit Pearson
* Margarett Ly & Tracy Caruso
 
### Self-Study, One-on-Ones, and Student-Led Sessions (2:00 - 2:45)

* Steve is running a session on crafting proposals to [Rocky Mountain Ruby](http://rockymtnruby.com/). You should write a proposal. Steve will help you. Proposals are due on Monday and we'll meet on Monday afternoon to review each other's proposals.

* Need help starting a blog entry? Guidance or brainstorming assistance for topics? A blog can be a great way to reinforce your own knowledge and showcase that knowledge to future employers. Join Jessica Goulding (Software Developer at Redsson and Turing[:1406]) in Classroom A. Jessica will walk you through finding a manageable topic, creating an outline, and turning that outline into a blog post.

* Join Kit in Classroom C as he expounds on his lightning talks and shows you how you can use Git to turn your code along classes into fantastic notes.

* DJ will be doing an intro to JavaScript for Rubyists in the Big Workspace. We'll compare the 'scope' of variables, functions and methods, and constructors and classes. If you know at least half of those words, you'll be able to grasp the whole study session.

#### With Mike
* 1:45 - Jai Misra
* 2:00 - Adam Caron
* 2:15 - Drew Conly
* 2:30 - Mitch Ashby

#### With Jeff
* 1:45 - Andrew Carmer
* 2:30 - Jerrod Paul Junker
* 2:15 - Kristina Brown
* 2:30 - Rachel Parri

#### With Rachel
* 1:45 - Brett Grigsby
* 2:00 - Max Tedford
* 2:15 - Sally MacNicholas

#### With Sam
* 1:45 - Michael Dorrance
* 2:00 - David Daniel
* 2:15 - Kenny Chen
* 2:30 - Mike Reeves


#### With Josh Cheek
* 1:45 - Jason Wright
* 2:00 - Vanessa Gomez
* 2:15 - Morgan Miller

#### With Horace
* 1:45 - Dustin Gault
* 2:00 - Minnie Lee
* 2:15 - Samson Brock

#### With Marissa
* 1:45 - Miriam Moser
* 2:00 - Jeff Gu
* 2:15 - Paul Grever

#### With Raissa
* 1:45 - Justin Holmes
* 2:00 - Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 2:15 - Fred Block

### Lightning Talks (2:45 - 4:00)

* Markus Olsen - The Economics of Open Source
* Lori Culberson - Check Your Ego at the Door (Redefining Failure)
* Fred Block - How to Teach: Lessons From Flight Instructing
* Michelle Golle - When and How to Best Use Private Methods
* Patrick Medaugh - Intro to Go
* Lev Kravinsky - Concurrency in Ruby
* Minnie Lee - Sonic Pi: A teaching tool for children to learn Ruby by making music
* Tess Griffin - How 3D Film Works, and How It's Done Right (Or Not)
* Whitney Hiemstra - Medical Devices: The Good, The Awesome, The Weird
* Erik Butcher - Avoidance, Flocking, and the Art of Bullet Hell
* Margarett Ly - Internet Access for Under-Resourced Populations Through Smart Phones

