Today In History: 2014 - The anniversary of the death of Maya Angelou

## All

### WarmUp (8:30 - 9:00)

Complete this following logic problem.

[http://cl.ly/2Z3L2f0Z0o1D](http://cl.ly/2Z3L2f0Z0o1D)

Post your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name to receive 20 points. Cut-off is 9:00 am.

### Recitation - Git (4:15 - 5:30)

You only have to come to this if you have something wrong with your git or want to get SSH keys set up or something along 
those lines. This will be a session focused on just making sure everyone's configuration is set up properly.


## 1412

### Code Challenge (9:00 - 12:00)

No tears, only code. Be in the Workspace bright and early at 9:00 AM to receive the assignment. This assignment will be completed individually over a 3-hour time span.

### Code Review and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace, Josh, or Mike to review your exercise from the morning. When you're not reviewing, you should be working on your Re-Pivot projects.

__Schedule:__

With Horace:

* 2:00 - 2:20: Kit Pearson
* 2:20 - 2:40: Jeffrey Gu
* 2:40 - 3:00: Miriam Moser
* 3:00 - 3:20: Austin Wood
* 3:20 - 3:40: Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 3:40 - 4:00: Kyra Steenbock

With Mike:

* 1:00 - 1:20: Dustin Gault
* 1:20 - 1:40: Edward McCarthy
* 1:40 - 2:00: Trey Tomlinson

With Josh M:

* 1:00 - 1:20: DJ Greenfield
* 1:20 - 1:40: Paul Grever
* 1:40 - 2:00: Markus Olsen
* 2:00 - 2:20: Rich Shea

## 1502

### Sending Email (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn how to send email with your Rails app with Sam. Classroom B.

### Seeding Data Efficiently (10:30 - 12:00)

Now that you know how to send email, you'll learn from Sam how to seed your database in a way that doesn't make you curl up into the fetal position.

Data is good.

Still Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on them projects. Help each other. Help yourselves.


## 1503

### Traffic Spy Q&A  (9:00 - 10:00)

You've had time to let things sink in. Now Josh will answer any questions you have before you get set off into the wide world. 
Maybe he won't answer any question, but he'll answer any question you have about Traffic Spy. Classroom C.
 
### Project Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Finish this project, and you can get a job at the NSA.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue to spy on that traffic.


## 1505

### Pairing On Cryptographer (9:00 - 11:00)

We're gonna turn you into little code breakers. Join Mike as he talks about his first learning experience with cryptography.

[Deets](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/cryptographer.markdown)

Classroom A.

Pairs: 

* Nicole Hall & Adam Caron
* Samson Brock & David Stinnette
* Mitch Ashby & Marla Brizel
* Mike Reeves & Lovisa Svallingson
* Justin Pease & Jason Wright
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Justin Holzmann
* Drew Conly & Rebekah Sosa
* Alex Tideman & Jai Misra
* Sebastian Abondano & David Shim
* Max Millington & Michael Dorrance & Rachel Parri

### Week 2 Diagnostic (11:00 - 12:00)

Sharpen those pencils, folks. Classroom A.

### Introduction to Bubble Sort (1:00 - 2:00)

"The bubble sort seems to have nothing to recommend it, except a catchy name and the fact that it leads to some interesting theoretical problems" — Donald Knuth.

Join Horace in Classroom A in to discuss the finer points of the bubble sort. 

Assigment is [here](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/bubble_sort.markdown)

If you ask nicely, maybe he'll [dance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyZQPjUT5B4) for you.

### Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Get stuff done! Continue to work on Cryptograpgher with your pair. Mike will be available for questions.
