---
title: 20150917
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1630, the worst city in the entire world, Boston, was founded.

It's also [Jens Voigt's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jens_Voigt) birthday.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1503

### Introduction to Services (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/getting_started_with_services.markdown)

## 1505

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jorge

* 9:00 - Erik Butcher
* 9:20 - Max Millington
* 9:40 - Jai Misra
* 10:00 - Mitch Ashby
* 10:20 - BREAK
* 10:40 - Mike Reeves
* 11:00 - Rob Cornell
* 11:20 - Tyler Graham


#### With Andrew

* 9:00 - Sebastian Abondano
* 9:20 - Alex Tideman
* 9:40 - Adam Caron
* 10:00 - Samson Brock
* 10:20 - BREAK
* 10:40 - Rick Bacci
* 11:00 - Dave Maurer
* 11:20 - Michael Merrill

#### With Tess

* 9:00 - David Shim
* 9:20 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 9:40 - Drew Conly
* 10:00 - Michael Dorrance
* 10:20 - BREAK
* 10:40 - Marla Brizel
* 11:00 - Jack Yeh
* 11:20 - Dmitry Vizersky


### Self-Directed Projects Introduction (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroon B.

### Self Directed Project Ideation and Prep (2:00 - 4:00)

Learn how to ideate.


## 1507

### Git Workflow (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Mike in Classroom B.

### Mid-Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Matt Hecker
* 1:45 - George Hudson
* 2:30 - Jerrod Paul Junker


#### With Mike
* 1:00 - David Stinnette
* 1:45 - Bret Doucette
* 2:30 - Travis Haby
* 3:15 - Rose Kohn

#### With Tess

* 1:00 - Justin Holzmann
* 2:10 - Russell Harms
* 3:20 - Justin Pease


## 1508

It's a big worktime Thursday. Let's see some massive progress!

### Cross-Group Pairing (9:00 - 12:00)

We're going to start with some pairing across project pairs. Obviously.

Here are the pairings:

* Ryan Johnson & Matt Stjernholm
* Tyler Komoroske & Charissa Lawrence
* Patrick Wey & Robert Lane
* Ross Edfort & Shannon Paige
* Chad Minnerath & Jason Pilz
* Marlo Major & Amber Crawford
* Aaron Careaga & Sekhar Paladugu
* Jill Donohue & Edgar Duran
* Matthew Rooney & Penney Garrett
* Cole Hall & Jhun de Andres
* Emily Dowdle & John Slota
* and Torie Joy-Warren gap filling / staff pairing

Here's how it should go:

* 9:00 - 10:30 you're pairing on the left person's code base
* 10:30 - 12:00 you're pairing on the right person's code base

Things to keep in mind:

* Your goals are (1) learning from each other's approaches and (2) building features. This isn't just show-and-tell, you're doing work.
* Pairs only work when there are two keyboards. There are a pile of keyboards
near the staff area. If possible, find a desk where there's an external monitor
you can share, hookup two keyboards, close the laptop, and go.
* Remember the difference between collaboration and copying: when you collaborate,
you end up with a result that you could delete and recreate because you *learned*/*discovered* how to do it.

### All: Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Get back together with your *real* pair, share what you learned this morning,
get your code bases back in sync, then go!

Andrew is available for your questions.
