Today in History: Remember that last scene in Braveheart, where Robert the Bruce lead the Scots
to victory against the English? That happened today in 1314.

It's also Lionel Messi's birthday if that matters to anyone.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Here's a themed puzzle for you:

Imagine you run a soccer league and you need to create a schedule. Each team
plays only one game per week on Saturday.

#### Easy

Your league has eight teams. Generate (to the screen or to a file), a schedule that has each team play each other team exactly once.

#### Medium

Your league has two divisions of eight teams. Each team should play the other
teams in their division twice and the teams in the other division just once.

#### Hard

Your league has four divisions of eight teams. Each team should play each team
in their division twice and any two teams from each other division.

## 1412

###  Final Assessment (9:00 - 12:00)

Almost there.

### Final Assessment Review (1:00 - 4:00)

With Josh Cheek

* 1:00 - Miriam Moser
* 1:25 - Trey Tomlinson
* 1:50 - Jeffrey Gu
* 2:15 - BREAK
* 2:40 - Paul Grever
* 3:05 - Markus Olsen
* 3:30 - DJ Greenfield


With Horace

* 1:00 - Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 1:25 - Dustin Gault
* 1:50 - Kyra Steenbock
* 2:15 - Austin Wood
* 2:40 - Edward McCarthy
* 3:05 - Rich Shea
* 3:30 - Kit Pearson

### TALK TO RAISSA (After Wrapup For 15 Minutes)

Meet Raissa in Classroom A.  If you do not go, this weekend will be terrible.


## 1502

### Project Work Time (All Day)

Thanks for working super hard. Remember that it is time to refactor your backend, improve your test coverage, and polish your UX. You should have the final form of your project deployed to Heroku tonight the latest.

Check the individual project assessment to make sure that you'll meet the criteria. You can do so [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/self_directed_project.markdown).

Remember, if your project is not working on Heroku, your assessment will be zero.

## 1503

### Dinner Dash Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

How do you make a tissue dance?

### Dinner Dash Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You put a little boogie into it.

## Module 2 Final Assessments (All Day)

With Rachel

* 10:30 - Erik Butcher
* 11:15 - Andrew Fink
* 1:00 - Chelsea Worrel
* 1:45 - Rob Cornell
* 2:30 - Tyler Graham
* 3:15 - Michael Merrill


With Josh M.

* 9:00 - Josh Cass
* 9:45 - Whitney Heimstra
* 10:30 - Margarett Ly
* 11:15 - Justin Holmes
* 1:00 - Dmitry Vizersky
* 1:45 - Dave Maurer
* 2:30 - Jamie Kawahara
* 3:15 - Drew Reynolds


With Jeff

* 3:00 - Lev Kravinsky


## 1505

### How Computers Work (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A. We'll use [this outline](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_computers_work.markdown)
to guide our discussion.

### Algorithmic Complexity (10:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom A with Jeff to discuss [algorithmic complexity](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/algorthmic_complexity.markdown).

### Sales Engine Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Mike will be on hand for questions. Good luck finishing things up!
