Today in 1958, NASA was created!

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

n! means n × (n − 1) × ... × 3 × 2 × 1

For example, 10! = 10 × 9 × ... × 3 × 2 × 1 = 3628800, and the sum of the digits in the number 10! is 3 + 6 + 2 + 8 + 8 + 0 + 0 = 27.

Find the sum of the digits in the number 100!

(This is actually one of those cases where a functional language like Clojure or JavaScript can be useful. See if you can solve it in a functional language.)


## 1502

### Getting Started with Services (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to [get started with services](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/getting_started_with_services.markdown) and work on [RepFinder](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/monsterporium/practicing_services.html).

We will work in the following pairs:

* Mihir Parikh & Minnie Lee
* Thomas Leskin & Eric Dowty
* Michelle Golle & Tracy Caruso
* David Daniel & Kenny Chen
* Andrew Carmer & Lori Culberson
* Kyle Henson & Fred Block
* Tess Griffin & Patrick Medaugh
* Kristina Brown & Austen Ito

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve is on hand for questions.


## 1503

### Testing an Internal API with Austen Ito. (9:00 - 10:30)

You are so lucky! You get to learn from Austen Ito!

Classroom B.

### Serving JSON from Rails (10:30 - 12:00)

And now you get to learn how to serve that JSON!

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/serving_json_from_rails.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work work work.


## 1505

### Routing in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

In Classroom C, you will learn about that routes.rb.

Don't worry, it's not as intimidating as that file looks.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/routing_in_rails.markdown)

### Authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C and you'll learn about Authorization, the other half of logging in.

### Work Time: Authorization in my Jams (1:00 - 4:00)

I can't even.

### Mid Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Sebastian Abondano
* 1:45 - David Shim
* 2:30 - Jai Misra
* 3:15 - Adam Caron

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Marla Brizel
* 1:45 - Alex Tideman
* 2:30 - Max Millington
* 3:15 - Lovisa Svallingson


## 1507

### All: Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

You can do it.  I believe in you.

### All: Working with Ruby Modules (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Josh Cheek in Classroom A.

The notes from this lesson are here:
[https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/e653d93f98c3622f4b58](https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/e653d93f98c3622f4b58)
