## All

### Posse Warmup (8:30 - 9:00)

It's regex week!

Can your posse complete the [regex crossword tutorial levels](http://regexcrossword.com/challenges/tutorial/puzzles/1)? You might want to check out [rubular.com](http://rubular.com/) for help.

## 1410

### Object Model Revisited

Now that you're all Rails ninjas/rockstars/gurus, let's take another look at the inner workings of you're favorite programming language with Josh Cheek in Classroom A.

### Daily JavaScript (1:00 - 1:30)

Steve in Classroom A for your once-a-day JavaScript multivitamin. We'll be taking a look at the Chrome Developer tools. We'll cover the following topic.

* Storing logged objects as global variables
* `console.table`
* `console.profile` and `console.profileEnd()`
* Breakpoints and `debugger`; pause on exception

### Project Work Time (1:30 - 3:00)

Continue working on your projects.

### Technical Check-ins (3:00 - 4:00)

* Job Hunt should meet with Steve.
* Whitehouse TechHire should meet with Horace.

## 1412

### Building an API (9:00 - 10:30)

You've consumed them. Now let's build one. Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Securing an API with Authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

Protect your API. Stick around with Jorge in Classroom B.

### Project Check-ins and Worktime (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jorge at the kitchen table on the small workspace for your checkins.

* 1:10 - Edward McCarthy
* 1:20 - Jeffrey Gu
* 1:30 - Paul Grever
* 1:40 - Markus Olsen
* 1:50 - Break
* 2:00 - Lori Culberson
* 2:10 - Tino Espinoza
* 2:20 - DJ Greenfield
* 2:30 - Kit Pearson
* 2:40 - Austin Wood
* 2:50 - Break
* 3:00 - Kyra Steenbock
* 3:10 - Dustin Gault
* 3:20 - Rich Shea
* 3:30 - Trey Tomlinson
* 3:40 - Miriam Moser

## 1502

### Factory Girl (9:00 - 9:45)

Create factories for your tests. Join Rachel in the big workspace. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/factory_girl.markdown).

### Dinner Dash Worktime (9:45 - 12:00 and 1:00 - 4:00)

The people are hungry! Get to work dashing those dinners.

## 1503

### Binary, Octal, and Hex (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to count from 0 to 1 (and other things). Join Horace in the Classroom C to work through
the [Number Systems tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/number_systems.html).

### Sales Engine Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

For SE1 groups it's your final push! For SE2, let's make sure you're off to the right start.

#### With Josh Cheek

* 1:00 - Dmitry Vizersky & Drew Reynolds
* 1:30 - Chelsea Worrel & Morgan Miller
* 2:00 - Sally MacNicholas & Justin Holmes
* 2:30 - Whitney Hiemstra & Brett Grigsby
* 3:00 - Max Tedford & Andrew Fink
* 3:30 - Josh Cass & Erik Butcher

#### With Sam

* 1:00 - Ricky & Rob
* 1:30 - Michael & Dave
* 2:00 - Margarett & Eugene
* 2:30 - Lev & Vanessa
