---
title: 20150408
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Let's revisit our allergy algorithm from yesterday.

Can you write tests and implementations for the following?

* If they have all of the allergies, they should have a score of 255.
* If they are allergic to strawberries, tomatoes, chocolate, pollen, and cats, they their score should be 248.

**Important**: The idea is that you pass in the number (e.g. 248) and the algorithm can return an array with all the things the patient is allergic to.

## 1410

### Daily JavaScript (9:00 - 9:30)

A JavaScript a day keeps Jorge away.

Today, we'll be focusing on `reduce` with [these challenges](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/2b24ec29ce0142c4497f).

(Meet with Steve in the Big Workspace.)

### Project Work Time (9:30 - 12:00)

Steve will be around for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:00)

Steve is still around for questions.

### FeedEngine API Release Candidates Check-ins (2:00 - 4:00)

Yes, we checked in yesterday, but let's do it again today with a focus on wire framing and planning out our client applications.

#### With Horace and Steve

* 2:00: Orion Osborn & Brandon Mrsny & Michael Dao & Bryce Holcomb
* 2:30: Jeffrey Wan & Alexandra Robinson & Nathan Owsiany & Adam Smith
* 3:00: Bhargavi Satpathy & Lydia Shafer & Emily Berkeley & Chris Luhring
* 3:30: Krista A Nelson & Laura Whalin & Scott Crawford & Konr Josef Larson

## 1412

### Fundamental Rails Security (9:00 - 12:00)

Don't be the person who leaves a giant security hole in your Rails application.

Meet with Jorge in Classroom A.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n67RYI_0sc0) and then get to work on your pivots.

## 1502

### Traffic Spy Questions and Answers (9:00 - 10:00)

If you have questions—Josh has answers. Those answers are waiting for you in Classroom C.

Find them. Go. Find them.

### View Templating (10:00 - 11:00)

You want to render your awesome content in the best possible way, don't you?

Yes? Meet Josh in Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

Rachel is on hand for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel is still on hand for questions.

## 1503

### Pairing on Cryptographer (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom B to kick off pairing with on cracking the code—and coding the code.

(Pro-tip: You'll also be getting your head shots.)

### Introduction to the Bubble Sort (1:00 - 2:00)

"The bubble sort seems to have nothing to recommend it, except a catchy name and the fact that it leads to some interesting theoretical problems" — Donald Knuth.

Join Jeff in Classroom C in to discuss the finer points of the bubble sort.

### Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Let's get to work.
