---
title: 140813
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Let's skip warmup today.

### Lightning Talks (1:00-1:30)

After lunch let's gather in the classroom space for lightning talks.

## 1406

Today's primarily a work day. When you're not doing check-ins, push forward
on your project.

Some things to consider:

* Where did you think you'd be at this point? Are you there?
* How's the team working together? You still have a long time together. Today
would be a good opportunity to have a meeting about how the team is functioning.
* What were your learning goals coming into the project? Are you realizing them?
* Did you draw wireframes? Make other plans? Are you still following them, or
did you make conscious decisions to move away from them?

### Dinner Dash Check-Ins & Pairing

We're able to do some long sessions today. The purposes of the session are:

* for the instructor to get a sense of where you are
* to help you over any specific technical hurdles
* to review the quality of your work/code
* to help you push forward (through pairing, etc)

Sessions should last about 85 minutes, but the whole group doesn't need to
be together the whole time.

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Emily Davis, Tim Proctor, Gustavo Villagrana, Robert Gu
* 10:30 - Horacio Chávez, Corey Davis, Tan Doan, Hilary Denton

#### With Jorge

* 9:00 - Andrew Watkins, Jonmichael Chambers, Marc Garreau, Chad Brading
* 10:30 - Allison Larson, Andy Mention, Alan Smith, Will Faurot, Eric Fransen

## 1407

### EventReporter Peer Refactoring (9:00-Noon)

When you are not doing an *instructor assessment*, please...

* get together with the pair listed below
* clone the project for review
* poke around and get a sense for how it works
* refactor/improve their code and submit *at least two pull requests* to the project

#### Pairings

* Kavita & Cara work on the project by Jessica & Rolando
* Jessica & Glen work on the project by Aaron & Cara
* Ian & Luke work on the project by Sara & Jim
* Jim & Rolando work on the project by Glen & Luke
* Aaron & Sara work on the project by Ian & Kavita

#### Process

This is an opportunity to practice your git/GitHub style:

* Fork their project and clone it locally.
* Make a feature branch for each refactoring.
* Make several commits to that branch as you make improvements
and the tests pass.
* When you're done with that train of exploration, push it up to your fork and
submit a pull request.

#### Finding Improvements

To find weaknesses / things to work on:

* Use SimpleCov to run a test coverage analysis, then work to improve the test coverage
* Try out mutation testing with [Mutant](https://github.com/mbj/mutant) to help
find weaknesses in the test suite
* Look for any method longer than eight lines and use the refactorings you
discussed this week to break it down

### EventReporter Instructor Evaluations

#### With Rachel

* 9:45 - Jessica Goulding & Rolando Navarette
* 10:30 - Sara Simon & Jim Sutton

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Glen Egbert & Luke Aiken
* 9:45 - Aaron Paul Wortham & Cara Dennis
* 10:30 - Ian Andersen & Kavita Sachdeva

### Experimenting with Arduino (1:30-4:00)

This afternoon let's do something a little different in preparation for our
field trip tomorrow. Get together with the pair below, grab one of the Arduino
kits, find the instruction manual in the kit, and work through as much as you can.

* Ian & Aaron
* Sara & Glen
* Jessica & Kavita
* Cara & Jim
* Luke & Rolando
