---
title: 140124
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Q&A with Jason Fried
* Project Idea Generation
* Project Planning

## Guest: Q&A with Jason Fried 09:00 AM to 10:00 AM

First up we'll chat with Jason Fried. Please vote on and submit questions here:

https://www.google.com/moderator/#15/e=21018d&t=21018d.40

## Project Idea Generation

### Project Intro 10:00-10:15

iTriage is sponsoring the services project, and our goal is for each project to somehow relate to health & wellness.

On the technical side, the focus is to build a cluster of small applications that work together.

### Brainstorming 10:15-11:30

Let's work on brainstorming ideas.

### Groupings

* George Hudson & Jonah Moses & Quentin Tai & Ben Horne & Will Mitchell
* Lauren Spath Luhring & Romeeka Gayhart & Kevin Powell & Darryl Pequeen
* Nathaniel Watts & Louisa Barrett & Simon Taranto & Bryana Knight
* Antony Siegert & Bree Thomas & Ben Lewis & Rolen Le
* Persa Zula & Billy Griffin & Katrina Engelsted & Tyler Long
* Nikhil Taneja & Brian Winterling & Magan Adam & Luke Martinez

### Process

At 11:30 please come back to the room with:

* Product name
* The brief pitch in less than 140 characters
* The target audience
* What solutions are they currently using to solve this?
* How does the product do it better?
* Who/what are the competitors?

Be prepared to present them to the group.

### Product Pitches 11:15-12:00

Groups will each pitch their idea in five minutes or less, then we'll narrow the options to five.

## Project Planning 1:30-4:00

### Team Selection 1:30-1:45

* Using a randomized order, each student will pick a project to work on
* 20 students will break into four groups of four

### Jorge on UX 1:45-2:00

Next, Jorge will talk with you about how to understand and model UX for a project by using personas.

### Personas and Wireframing 2:00-3:45

Get together with your project group to build personas and wireframe interactions for your product.

They're going to get hung publicly, so create something you're proud of.

### Wrapup 3:45-4:00
