---
title: 20150309
layout: outline
---

<!--- Classroom Usage
A
9 — 10: 1410
10 — 12: 1410
1 — 2:30: 1410

B
1 — 2:30 1409

C
9 — 10: 1412
1 — 2:30: 1412
-->

## All

### Posse Meeting Time (8:30 - 8:50)

Schedule peer sessions with each other (can you each pair with one another this week?); reach out to mentors; update each other on your projects.

## 1409

### Feed Engine Code Review and Project Evaluation (9:00 - 12:00)

The time has come. Let's show Steve what we've got.

* __9:00 - 9:45__: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Chase van Hekken
* __9:45 - 10:30__: Zachary Routhier & Herbert Joseph & Victoria Harrod
* __10:30 - 11:15__: David Bayendor & Kate Lane & Alex Jensen
* __11:15 - 12:00__: Sam Kuhlmann & Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder

### Community Project Kickoff and Work time (1:00 - 2:30)

Time to give back to Turing. Join Steve in Classroom B to kick off the Community project.

Your final project at Turing. The last one. No pressure.

Groups (for project consideration—not the project itself):

* Sam Kuhlmann & Herbert Joseph & Travis Yoder & Timothy Mee
* Kate Lane & Chandra Carney & Alex Jensen & Chase van Hekken
* David Bayendor & Zachary Routhier & Gregory Narajka & Victoria Harrod

You'll work through [this protocol](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/pitching_mastery_projects.markdown).

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

Clojure and Webservers and [Jekyll](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/electives/jekyll-blog-github-pages/pushing-project-to-gh-pages.markdown) and Draper and ActiveRecord, Oh My!

## 1410

### Fundamental JSON (9:00 - 10:00)

JSON is ubiquitous on the web these days. Let's join Josh M. in
Classroom A to learn how it works.

### Weekly Iteration (10:00 - 12:00)

All aboard the ActiveRecord refactor tractor! Join Josh M in Classroom A.

### Project Worktime (1:00 - 2:30)

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

Clojure and Webservers and [Jekyll](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/electives/jekyll-blog-github-pages/pushing-project-to-gh-pages.markdown) and Draper and ActiveRecord, Oh My!

## 1412

### Dinner Dash Kickoff (9:00 - 9:30)

Do you have what it takes to join the elite company of Burrito Bombers,
Crossroads Lodge, etc. etc.? Join Rachel in Classroom C to kick off your
[first big Rails project](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html).

* Edward McCarthy & Markus Olsen & Kyra Steenbock
* Dustin Gault & Stanley Siudzinski & Trey Tomlinson
* DJ Greenfield & Charles Valentino Espinoza & Fred Block
* Teresa Finn & Miriam Moser & Austin Wood
* Paul Grever & Jeffrey Gu & Lori Culberson

### Dinner Dash Worktime (9:30 - 12:00)

Read through the [Dinner Dash assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html), create a repository on Github, and start creating issues on [waffle.io](https://waffle.io/).

Rachel will be on hand for questions.

### Cart and Order Life Cycles (1:00 - 2:30)

Ecommerce sites tend to struggle if users can't actually buy stuff. Join
Josh in Classroom C to talk about what makes the order cycle go round.

### Homework

What is a gemset? Why would you use one? Can you create and use one for your Dinner Dash project?

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

Clojure and Webservers and [Jekyll](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/electives/jekyll-blog-github-pages/pushing-project-to-gh-pages.markdown) and Draper and ActiveRecord, Oh My!

## 1502

### Refactoring Patterns (9:00 - 12:00)

Red - Green - Refactor! Refactoring is one of the most important steps
to creating quality software. Join Josh Cheek in Classroom
B to go through some common situations and solutions.

https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/refactoring_patterns_part_two.markdown

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's finish up those Enigmas. Josh Cheek will be available for
questions.

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

Clojure and Webservers and [Jekyll](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/electives/jekyll-blog-github-pages/pushing-project-to-gh-pages.markdown) and Draper and ActiveRecord, Oh My!
