---
title: 131028
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Warmup
* Weekly Preview 
* Retrospective
* Clone Wars Kickoff & Planning
* Reading Group (1:00 - 2:00)
* Scraping Content with Mechanize (2:00 - 4:00)

## Feedback

* Clone Wars http://betterful.herokuapp.com/surveys/e0da99b
* Scraping Content with Mechanize http://betterful.herokuapp.com/surveys/eb350a8

## Weekly Preview

* Rails/Blogger/StoreEngine pushed back
* Clone Wars
* Frank out Monday-Wednesday, Katrina out Thursday-Friday
* Guest Konstantin Haase on Friday

## Retrospective (9:15 - 10:30)

### Personal Retrospective

Spend 40 minutes writing and publishing a personal retrospective on your class blog including:

* What did you learn about your own skills and abilities while working on your own through IdeaBox?
* How are you feeling about building web applications? Sinatra?
* Were you able to test your application well? Why or why not? Do you think it matters?
* If you could go back to the start of the project last week and do it all again, what would you do differently?
* What were your takeaways from Code Retreat on Friday? What did you like and dislike about the process? What would you do differently for the next Code Retreat?

Please come back to the classroom by 10:00.

### Link Aggregation

When you're done, please add a link to your post on this thread:

http://gschool.groupbuzz.io/topics/810-retrospective-10-24

### Group Retrospective

* Code retreat
* Working groups, working alone, and soon in pairs/teams
* Facilities and space
* Intensity upgrade
* Open floor
* Shoutouts

## Clone Wars Kickoff & Planning (10:30-12:00)

The Clone Wars project kicks off today and finishes Thursday.

### Groups

* Jonah Moses, Brian Winterling, Kevin Powell
* Nikhil Taneja, Lauren Spath Luhring, Romeeka Gayhart
* Simon Taranto, Katrina Englestad, Bryana Knight
* Ben Lewis, Antony Siegert, Luke Martinez
* Tyler Long, Ben Horne, Magan Adam
* Will Mitchell, Darryl Pequeen, Billy Griffin
* Quentin Tai, Persa Zula, George Hudson
* Bree Thomas, Nathaniel Watts, Louisa Barrett, Rolen Le

### Assignment

[Clone Wars assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/clone_wars.html)

## Reading Group (1:00 - 2:00)

Today during reading group you need to:

* Get together with your current group and check-in on progress / goals set last week.
* Collect, review, and give feedback on each other's work
* Discuss any areas of particular interest / confusion
* Set goals for this week as you complete the reading cycle

### Progress Check-Ins (1:30 - 2:00)

First, let's hear from each of the groups for about 5 minutes including...

* What text are you reading?
* What's been most valuable about it?
* What deliverable(s) has your group been completing?
* What's your completion rate like? Are group members sticking to the plan?
* What's going to happen over the last week?

Groups:

* Duckett "HTML & CSS"
* Head First "HTML and CSS"
* A Book Apart HTML5 + CSS3
* Above the Fold

### Next Book

Then let's select your third book which you'll start **next** week. Review the options at http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/reading/suggestions.html#rails-fundamentals

## Web Scraping and Other Devious-Sounding Activities (2:00 - 4:00)

* 2:00 - 2:20 Group Research
* 2:20 - 2:40 Research summary
* 2:40 - 3:00 Intro/overview
* 3:00 - 4:00 Experimentation / Exercises

### Group Research

We'll start by splitting into 5 groups, which I generated randomly using my super secret gSchool random group generator.

Get together with your group to do some research on the topic provided.

Some questions that might get you started:

* What is `$TOPIC`? 
* What is it used for? 
* Is it easy? difficult? 
* What are some of the tools? 
* Are there any gotchas? 
* Interesting moral dilemmas? 
* How would you approach it? 
* What are the alternatives (or competitors if it is a tool)? 
* Is there any etiquette surrounding this? Are there rules? 
* How about standardized approaches? 
* If it is a tool, what problem does it solve badly or not at all? 
* What does it remind you of? 
* Other Pros? Cons? 
* What is interesting about it?

#### Topic: Ruby for "Scripting"

* Kevin Powell
* Nikhil Taneja
* George Hudson
* Jonah Moses
* Simon Taranto

#### Topic: Web "Spiders"

* Tyler Long
* Brian Winterling
* Billy Griffin
* Louisa Barrett
* Katrina Engelsted

#### Topic: HTML & XML

* Adam Magan
* Bryana Knight
* Rolen Le
* Lauren Spath Luhring
* Quentin Tai

#### Topic: Nokogiri

* Persa Zula
* Will Mitchell
* Bree Thomas
* Nathaniel Watts
* Romeeka Gayhart

#### Topic: Mechanize

* Antony Siegert
* Ben Lewis
* Luke Martinez
* Ben Horne
* Darryl Pequeen

### Research Summary

Each group will provide a 3 minute summary of the most interesting take-aways from their research. This is not a formal presentation, please don't worry about charts and crayons and stuff.

### Intro/Overview

A very brief intro to writing mechanize scripts to automate web scraping tasks:

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/mechanize.html

### Experimentation

Complete the GroupBuzz exercise at the end of the tutorial. Now that you're logged into GroupBuzz, what are some other interesting experiments you could run? Some ideas:

* What's the average length of a message?
* What hours are the most popular for posting?
* Who posts most frequently?

If you like, use mechanize to start scraping your Clone Wars client website.