---
title: 131202
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Warmup
* Weekly Overview
* Understanding Multitenancy
* Reading Group
* Fourth Meal Kick-Off
* Fourth Meal Planning

## Weekly Overview

* Fourth Meal begins
* Tuesday: Rails Security
* Wednesday: Simulating Load, Visiting Pivotal Tracker
* Thursday: Work Day

## Understanding Multi-Tenency 9:30 AM to 12:00 PM

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/blogger/multitenancy.html

## Reading Group 1:00 PM to 2:00 PM 

Derp -- in the heat of assessments last week we forgot about Reading Group. Let's get it back on track today.

* Patterns ......
* Novice ..
* Learning ......
* Learning 2 ..... (Luke, Billy, Louisa, Antony, Brian, Kevin)
* Eloquent (Adam & Nikhil)

### Rails Close-Out 1:00-1:15

Get together with your reading group for the Rails text and tie up loose ends, gather your deliverables, etc.

### Rails Text Retro 1:20-1:40

Let's gather back in the classroom to recap the Rails texts.

### JavaScript Kickoff 1:45-2:00

Recall that you selected a text in this thread:

http://gschool.groupbuzz.io/topics/1116-javascript-reading-group

Now get together with your new group and decide on a plan for how you'll break up the text and what deliverables you'll create to reinforce your learning.

## Fourth Meal Kickoff 2:15 PM to 3:00 PM

Today we'll begin our next group project, Fourth Meal:

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/fourth_meal.html

### Timeline

The project is due for instructor evaluation on Wednesday, 12/18 and will be peer-evaluated / demoed on Thursday 12/19.

### Groups

* Kevin Powell, Nikhil Taneja, Quentin Tai
* Katrina Engelsted, Luke Martinez, Nathaniel Watts
* Ben Lewis, Billy Griffin, Magan Adam
* Antony Siegert, Bryana Knight, Jonah Moses
* Ben Horne, Louisa Barrett, Will Mitchell
* Darryl Pequeen, Lauren Spath Luhring, Rolen Le
* Persa Zula, Romeeka Gayhart, Tyler Long
* Bree Thomas, Brian Winterling, George Hudson, Simon Taranto

### Project Selection

Your first task is to pick a codebase that you'll build upon. Check out the ["Project Starting Point"](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/fourth_meal.html) in the assignment for more details.