---
title: 131015
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline 

* Warmup 
* WebGuesser Walk-Through
* IdeaBox Work Time
* HTML & CSS Group Meetings (1:00pm)
* Lightning Talk Key Points (4:00 - 4:30)

## WebGuesser Walk-Through (optional)

First up today, Jeff will do a walk-through of WebGuesser. 

If you feel more-or-less comfortable with WebGuesser, go off and work on your IdeaBox.

If you'd like to review the key concepts, ask questions, and cement your understandings, stay in the classroom.

## IdeaBox Work Time

Work on your IdeaBox for the rest of the morning.

## HTML & CSS Iteration Planning (1pm)

### Groupings

* Jon Duckett's HTML & CSS: Tyler, Luke, Ben H, Kevin, Ben L
* Head First HTML & CSS: Lauren, Bryana, Antony, Billy, Brian
* A Book Apart (CSS3, HTML5): Simon, Katrina, Bree, Meeka, Adam
* Above the Fold: Rolen, George, Nathaniel, Persa, Louisa

### Expectations

During this session you need to decide, as a group:

* What things do you want to **do differently** than your last reading group?
* What content will you read? Is there anything you'll leave out?
* How will you divide up the content consumption to have it done by 11/4?
* What "deliverables" will you create to reinforce your learning?
* Who is responsible for doing what? 

## Independent Work Time

For the afternoon, work on what feels most important to you like:

* WebGuesser
* IdeaBox
* Reading Assignment
* Lightning Talk


## Lightning Talk Sketches (4:00)

If you're giving a lightning talk this week, please come to the classroom at 4pm to review your plan for the presentation.