---
title: 131126
layout: outline
---

## How Electronics Work

* Electricity is about potential
* Electrons flow
* How components work: diodes, resistors, capacitors, transistors

## Lunch Order

You should have an invite to a Chipotle group order in your email. Please fill it out by 10:30AM or your order may not be included.

## Hardware Experiments

### Groups

* Ben Horne + Magan Adam
* Quentin Tai + Simon Taranto
* Billy Griffin + Will Mitchell
* Tyler Long + Ben Lewis
* George Hudson + Louisa Barrett
* Persa Zula + Luke Martinez
* Rolen Le + Jonah Moses
* Antony Siegert + Bree Thomas
* Romeeka Gayhart + Kevin Powell
* Nathaniel Watts + Katrina Engelsted
* Darryl Pequeen + Lauren Spath Luhring
* Nikhil Taneja + Bryana Knight + Brian Winterling

### Options

#### AR Drone (1)

We have one AR Drone that can be [controlled from Ruby](https://github.com/hybridgroup/artoo-ardrone). Can you...

* Write a program to take off, turn 180 degrees, then land?
* Write a program that responds to keyboard input (like the arrows) to control elevation?
* Write a program that can execute a flip on keypress?

#### Phillips Hue (3)

We have three Phillips Hue bulbs which [can be controlled from Ruby](https://github.com/Veraticus/huey). Can you write a program that...

* Cycles the light between two colors?
* Uses sinatra to allow color change through a web interface?
* Blinks the light when you push a commit to Github?

#### Sphero Balls (3)

We have three Sphero balls that can be [controlled from Ruby](https://github.com/hybridgroup/artoo-sphero).

Can you write a program that...

* Moves the ball in a pattern?
* Moves the ball in response to a keypress?
* Moves the ball and flashes colors when you commit to Github?

#### Arduino Kits (13)

We have 13 Arduino kits that can be controlled from C (using the included book in the kit) or Ruby (https://github.com/austinbv/dino). 

* Try out experiments from the book in kit
* Try using Ruby to control it
* Try out our [number guessing game tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/arduino/introducing_arduino.html) -- updates would be greatly appreciated
* Can you tie the Arduino together with a Sinatra app?