---
title: 131014
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline 

* Warmup 
* Weekly Preview 
* How the Web Works (9:30 - 11:00) 
* How Sinatra Works (11:00-noon) 
* Web Guesser (1:00 - 2:30) 
* Getting Started With Idea Box (2:30 - 3:00) 
* Reading Group (3:00 - 4:00) 
* Lightning Talk Brainstorm (4:00 - 4:30)

## Weekly Preview

* Lightning Talks Round 2
* Book Club 2 Begins Tuesday 
* IdeaBox 
* Exercism Pairing Wednesday Morning 
* Retrospective 
* Guest Speaker Friday

## How the Web Works (9:30 - 10:30) 

### Key Ideas

* Client
* Request: Protocol, Verb, Address
* DNS Lookup
* IP Address
* Port
* Server
* Response: Header, Response Code, Body

## How Sinatra Works (10:30 - noon) 

* Server IP and Port
* Receiving the Request - (Router)
* Processing the Request - (Controller)
* Business Logic & Database - (Model)
* Output Template - (View)
* Return HTML

## Web Guesser (1:00 - 2:30) 

[WebGuesser Tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/web_guesser.html)

## Getting Started With Idea Box (2:30 - 3:00) 

* [IdeaBox Assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html)
* Your code will be reviewed on Thursday, 10/24

### Individual + Collaboration

For this assignment we'll try something a little different. Each of you should complete the project *yourself*, but you're encouraged to collaborate with others.

For instance, you might:

* Pair program with another developer on their project for awhile, then pair together on your project
* Collaborate on the "big picture" of how things should be built, designed, or broken down
* Review each other's code and help out when you get stuck

The only think **not** to do is copy & paste from someone else's project. Even if you implemented it together in theirs, redo it in yours.

### Working Groups

For this effort we're going to try a concept of *working groups*. You're encouraged to collaborate with your working group, schedule work sessions together, and keep tabs on each other's progress.

Your group should be your *first* and *second* resort when you run into issues and questions. If you've asked or worked with two persons from your group and still having a problem, then come ask us.

#### Group Assignments

* Group 1: Ben Lewis, Antony Siegert, Ben Horne, Billy Griffin, Bree Thomas
* Group 2: Bryana Knight, Darryl Pequeen, George Hudson, Jonah Moses, Simon Taranto
* Group 3: Quentin Tai, Katrina Englestad, Brian Winterling, Louisa Barrett, Luke Martinez
* Group 4: Magan Adam, Nikhil Taneja, Persa Zula, Lauren Spath Luhring, Nathaniel Watts
* Group 5: Will Mitchell, Rolen Le, Romeeka Gayhart, Tyler Long, Kevin Powell

## Reading Group (3:00 - 4:00) 

### Close Out (3:00-3:30)

Get together with your current reading group and wrap things up. 

* Are your deliverables collected? 
* Are there interesting topics to discuss? 
* Did you meet your goals?
* Who's going to share back with the group, and what will they say?

### Reporting Back (3:30-3:55)

First, let's hear from each of the groups for about 5 minutes including...

* What text are you reading?
* Were there any surprises/insights in the last segment?
* How did your deliverables come together?
* Were you able to read the parts you set out to complete?
* Who would you recommend this text to in the future?

#### Groups:

* Pickaxe
* Eloquent Ruby
* Learn to Program
* Pragmatic Thinking & Learning

### HTML / CSS Iteration Planning

Tomorrow at 1pm!
