---
title: 131219
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Peer Review 9:00 AM to 10:30 AM 
* Instructor Topic Focus 10:30 AM to 12:00 PM 
* Revisit & Refactor 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM
* Group Retro 3:00 PM to 4:00 PM
* Demo Prep 4:00 PM to 5:00 PM 
* Fourth Meal Demos 5:30 PM to 7:00 PM 

## Peer Review 9:00 AM to 10:30 AM 

During this session please spend 45 minutes on *each* project.

### Questions for Discussion/Exploration

* What's one area that you are particularly proud of? Why?
* What was a difficult puzzle to solve? What did you learn about the problem?
* Where is the app particularly weak? How could it be improved?
* What is part of the app do you not understand? Can you explore/understand it together?
* If you had another week of work, what would you tackle next? Why?
* How did your group manage itself? How did Tracker go? Why? What was helpful, what was annoying?

### Pairings

* Ben Horne & Darryl Pequeen
* Bree Thomas & Persa Zula
* Kevin Powell & Katrina Engelsted
* Ben Lewis & Antony Siegert
* Lauren Spath Luhring & Brian Winterling
* Romeeka Gayhart & Nikhil Taneja
* Luke Martinez & Billy Griffin
* Bryana Knight & Louisa Barrett
* Will Mitchell & Tyler Long
* Rolen Le & Quentin Tai
* George Hudson & Nathaniel Watts
* Simon Taranto & Magan Adam & Jonah Moses

## Instructor Topic Focus 10:30 AM to 12:00 PM 

Please signup on the board this morning so we can figure out the group sizes and locations (TBD).

* Jorge will be reviewing UX and strategies for improvement at **The Nook**
* Katrina will focus on Background Workers at the **Instructor Desks**
* Jeff will look at performance monitoring and diagnosing hot spots in the **Classroom**

## Revisit & Refactor 1:00 - 3:00

Get together with your pair from the Instructor Review session and refactor the sample project.

## Pairing w/Katrina

* 1:00 - 2:00 Bree Thomas
* 2:00 - 3:00 Darryl Pequeen
* 3:00 - 4:00 Louisa Barrett

## Group Retrospective

Get together with your project group and discuss/reflect on the following topics:

* How was the work load shared? Was that the right mix? Why/why not?
* How much of your intended scope did you complete? Should your pace have been faster or slower? Expectations higher or lower?
* What unexpected hurdles did you run into? How would you anticipate these in the future?
* What was great and challenging about working with each member of the group?
* What will you want to do the same and differently in your next group?
* Next project you'll work in 4 or 5 person groups. What would you have done differently this time if there were one more person?

## Demo Prep 4:00 PM to 5:00 PM 

Meet back in the classroom at 4:00 to discuss the plan for demos.

### What You Need to Know

* Demo should be about 5-7 minutes
* You'll run it from our computer, not yours
* We intend to live stream / record the session
* Everyone in the group should participate

### Demo Room Setup

* Tables pulled out and put next to the stairs (where the coat racks typically are)
* Chairs setup
* Screen, projector, audio equipment transported downstairs
* Screen, projector, and audio equipment setup

### Building a Demo

* Quickly introduce yourselves
* What were your goals in the project? What were you focused on?
* Show off strong parts of the workflow and interface
* Any stand-out extra features?
* Show off parts of the code that you're particularly proud of or were particularly challenging
* Let the audience ask two questions

## Fourth Meal Demos 5:30 PM to 7:00 PM 

We'll add a link to the outline here once it's up.