---
title: 131031
layout: outline
---

## End of Clone Wars

### Clone Wars Peer Review (9:00 - 10:30)

First up let's get together in pairs.

During Session A look at the first person's project. During Session B, look at the second person's project.

#### Pairings

* Jonah Moses, Nikhil Taneja
* Simon Taranto, Ben Lewis
* Tyler Long, Will Mitchell
* Quentin Tai, Bree Thomas
* Brian Winterling, Katrina Englestad
* Ben Horne, Persa Zula
* Lauren Spath Luhring, Antony Siegert
* Darryl Pequeen, Nathaniel Watts
* Kevin Powell, Luke Martinez
* George Hudson, Louisa Barrett
* Rolen Le, Bryana Knight
* Billy Griffin, Romeeka Gayhart

Use these questions to guide your exploration together:

#### User Perspective

* How does the code work from the user perspective?
* What functionality is available?
* How does the user interface handle misuse, like entering a blank idea or entering the URL for an idea that doesn't exist.

#### Automated Tests

* Run the tests. Are there many or just a few? Do they all pass?
* Are there "feature" or "acceptance" tests that mimic the user?
* Do they test the important features of the interface?
* Are there "unit" tests that interact with just a single model?
* Do they test both the "happy path" and possible error cases?

#### Sinatra

* Look at the Sinatra application/server file.
* Is the logic all embedded there, or is it pulled out into other classes/components?
* Is there a lot of switching (like `if` statements) or is the code simple?

#### Ruby

* Look at the child classes. How was logic extracted from the Sinatra app?
* Does the code encapsulate the complicated ideas?
* Is the code well written and clear?
* Are the methods short and well named?
* Are the files and folders well organized?
* Does it use a namespace for the whole project?

#### Storage

* Look at the storage mechanism.
* Did they hide the SQL in a few classes, or sprinkle it all over the application?
* Are there any clear SQL injection vulnerabilities?

#### View Templates

* Look at the view templates.
* Do they have a lot of logic or is it just data getting injected into HTML?
* How might they have moved that logic elsewhere?

### Instructor Feedback Sessions (10:30-12:00)

For this session there's project groups **do not** need to stay together.

#### Fundamental Feedback Session

The six of you should meet Jorge at the instructor desks. As a group you will:

* A) Pick one of the group's projects at random
* B) Focus first on questions you have about specific pieces
* C) Crawl through the code looking at some of the areas for investigation specified above.

At the end of your session, pick work pairs for the afternoon. From 1:00-2:20, you and this pair should work on improving the project your group looked at this morning (**not** your own project).

It'd be *awesome* to submit one or more pull requests to the original project.

#### Detailed/Hard Feedback Session (10:30-12:00)

The rest of you can meet with Jeff in the classroom. One of the eight projects will be selected at random and reviewed.

At the end of your session, pick work pairs for the afternoon. From 1:00-2:20, you and this pair should work on improving the project your group looked at this morning (**not** your own project).

### Clone Wars Rework & Refactor (1:00 - 2:30)

Get together with your pair selected during the instructor review and spend 90 minutes:

* fixing bugs that popped up
* extracting logic from some of the more complex parts
* adding test coverage to parts that are untested
* etc

### Clone Wars Demos (2:30 - 4:00)

Let's get together in the classroom to show off your work.
