---
title: 140729
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

This morning let's try something a little different for warmup -- cross-class
pairing (where possible).

#### Challenge

Returning to an idea from posse meetings yesterday, build a solution for
the problem of merging three sorted collection.

IE, imagine we have three sets:

* a: [1,4,9]
* b: [2,3,5]
* c: [6,7,8]

Then the merge should produce [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9].

Try to solve a small problem first. Use pseudocode to separate the algorithmic
thinking from the implementation.

#### Pairs

* Luke Aiken & Emily Davis
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Gustavo Villagrana
* Corey Davis & Jonmichael Chambers
* Jim Sutton & Tim Proctor
* Tan Doan & Kavita Sachdeva
* Eric Fransen & Glen Egbert
* Will Faurot & Andy Mention
* Horacio Chavez & Hilary Denton
* Rolando Navarette & Marc Garreau
* Andrew Watkins & Ian Andersen & Alan Smith
* Robert Gu & Sara Simon
* Allison Larson & Cara Dennis
* Jessica Goulding & Chad Brading

#### Posting

Post a [Gist](http://gist.github.com) of your solution (note that a gist can
have more than one file, so you can post tests and implementation) and drop it
in the #Community Slack room.

## 1406

### Clone Wars Work Time (9:00-Noon)

Just two days left until you deliver Clone Wars. Can you finish a usable
product?

### SQL Primer (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon we'll start by discussing and working with raw SQL.

#### Discussion

Let's discuss the big picture of SQL:

* Excel and Databases
* Tables, Columns, and Rows
* Data types
* Primary keys
* SELECT, INSERT, DELETE
* WHERE
* Foreign keys
* Joins

#### Tutorial

See the [Fundamental SQL tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/sql/fundamental_sql.html).

### Sequel (2:30-4:00)

#### Discussion

* SQL is no fun
* Object-Relational Mappers (ORMs)
* ActiveRecord (99%), DataMapper (1%), Sequel (0%)
* Why use Sequel?

#### Tutorial

Then follow it up with the [Sequel tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/sql/sequel.html)

## 1407

### Enumerable Methods

#### Introduction

Then let's have a quick chat about the overarching concepts behind the Enumerable methods.

* Programming is about collections
* *Iterating* over a collection: `each`, `map`/`collect`, `inject`, `sort_by`
* *Filtering* a collection: `select`, `detect`, `min`, `max`
* Typically take a block and run it once for each element
* The right enumerable method can save you time/effort
* But everything can be done with `each`

#### Exercises in Pairs

Once we've finished the group discussion you should dive into
[these enumerable exercises](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/enums-exercises)

Working in the following pairs:

* Rolando Navarette & Cara Dennis
* Sara Simon & Jessica Goulding
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Kavita Sachdeva
* Luke Aiken & Glen Egbert
* Ian Andersen & Jim Sutton

### Ideabox TDD (1:00-4:00)

It's time to start your most sizable tutorial yet,
[IdeaBox-TDD](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/ideabox/tdd_minitest.html).

Please spend the afternoon working on it with the pair below and finish it by
the start of the day tomorrow.

### Pairs

* Rolando Navarette & Jessica Goulding
* Sara Simon & Kavita Sachdeva
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Glen Egbert
* Luke Aiken & Jim Sutton
* Ian Andersen & Cara Dennis
