---
title: 20150413
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Meeting Time (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet with you posses:

* Schedule student-to-student pairing/mentoring sessions
* Update mentors (and each other) with the projects you're currently working on
* Schedule pairing sessions with mentors

### Code Retreat (2:30 - 4:00)

Meet in the Big Workspace for this week's code retreat.

## 1410

### Daily JavaScript (9:00 - 9:30)

Let's talk a little bit about object-oriented JavaScript in Classroom B.

Let's use this [repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/falling-circles).

We'll be building a little thing in [p5.js](http://p5js.org/).

### Project Check-ins (9:30 - 10:30)

#### With Steve

* 9:30:  Bhargavi Satpathy & Lydia Shafer & Emily Berkeley & Chris Luhring
* 9:45:  Krista A Nelson & Laura Whalin & Scott Crawford & Konr Josef Larson
* 10:00: Jeffrey Wan & Alexandra Robinson & Nathan Owsiany & Adam Smith
* 10:15: Orion Osborn & Brandon Mrsny & Michael Dao & Bryce Holcomb

### Project Work Time and Instructor Pairing (10:30 - 2:30)

#### With Steve

* 10:30:  Bhargavi Satpathy & Lydia Shafer & Emily Berkeley & Chris Luhring
* 11:15:  Krista A Nelson & Laura Whalin & Scott Crawford & Konr Josef Larson
* 1:00: Jeffrey Wan & Alexandra Robinson & Nathan Owsiany & Adam Smith
* 1:45: Orion Osborn & Brandon Mrsny & Michael Dao & Bryce Holcomb

## 1412

### Caching Strategies in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Talk about cache with Jorge in Classroom A.

### The Weekly Iteration (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's review some skills from last week with Jorge in Classroom B and talk about your individual projects.

## 1502

### Traffic Spy Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Rachel

* 9:00: Andrew Carmer & David Daniel & Eric Dowty
* 9:30: Jack Yeh & Jamie Kawahara & Kenny Chen
* 10:00: Kristina Brown & Kyle Henson & Michelle Golle
* 11:00: Mihir Parikh & Minnie Lee & Patrick Medaugh
* 11:30: Tess Griffin & Thomas Leskin & Tracy Caruso

### REST, Routing, and Controllers (1:00 - 2:30)

Get some REST with Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rest_routing_and_controllers_in_rails.markdown).

### Homework

Complete the [Routes & Controllers](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/routes_controllers_rails.markdown) challenge.

## 1503

### Credit Check Peer Review (9:00 - 12:00)

When you're not having your diagnostic this morning,
meet in the following pairs to discuss your Credit Check assignments:

* Josh Cass & Andrew Fink
* Lev Kravinsky & Eugene Khanutin
* Rick Bacci & Dave Maurer
* Sally MacNicholas & Margarett Ly
* Dmitry Vizersky & Rob Cornell
* Chelsea Worrel & Vanessa Gomez
* Michael Merrill & Justin Holmes
* Drew Reynolds & Max Tedford
* Brett Grigsby & Morgan Miller
* Whitney Hiemstra & Erik Butcher

__60 minutes: Code Review__

Spend the first 30 minutes reviewing one partner's code, then switch and
review the other partner's code for 30 minutes.

Here are some things we'd especially like to look for:

* Does the solution work?
* Is there evidence of iterative development toward a solution?
* Are there tests included?
* Do the tests exercise multiple layers of complexity and functionality?
(simple to harder cases; covering all the methods or components of the
problem, etc.)
* If the solution uses an object-oriented approach, is it divided into
granular methods and classes with clear responsibility?
* Are the objects and methods well-named? Do they actually do the things
described by their names?

__120 minutes: Applying what you've learned__

Now that we've had a chance to recap the assignment and see another
person's solution, let's rework credit check
and see if we can come up with any new approaches to the problem.

Spend the next 120-ish minutes working with your pair on a new credit
check solution (from scratch). Keep in mind the same principles we
discussed when first presenting the assignment — work iteratively from a
small/naive solution toward something more sophisticated.

Don't forget to take Pomodoros.

### Diagnostics (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jeff

* 9:00: Morgan Miller
* 9:30: Max Tedford
* 10:00: Dmitry Vizersky
* 10:30: Rick Bacci
* 11:00: Margarett Ly
* 11:30: Brett Grigsby

#### With Horace

* 9:00: Rob Cornell
* 9:30: Sally MacNicholas
* 10:00: Drew Reynolds
* 10:30: Lev Kravinsky
* 11:00: Chelsea Worrel
* 11:30: Whitney Hiemstra

#### With Josh

* 9:00: Andrew Fink
* 9:30: Eugene Khanutin
* 10:00: Vanessa Gomez
* 10:30: Dave Maurer
* 11:00: Erik Butcher
* 11:30: Justin Holmes

### Diagnostics (1:00 - 2:00)

* 1:00: Michael Merrill
* 1:30: Josh Cass

### Enigma Kickoff and Discussion (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Horace in classroom A to kickoff the [Enigma project](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/enigma.html) and brainstorm some ideas for breaking down the problem.
