---
title: 20151216
layout: outline
---

Word of the Day: matutinal, adjective. Relating to or occurring in the morning.

## All

### Posse Cleanup

* Kay Posse (Rose, Jack, Dave, Travis, Torie, Jason, Aaron, Chad, Adreienne,
Matt D.)

Take 15 minutes after wrap-up to check the items on [this list](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/f5cfe4333402d043ef2e).


## 1507

### React in Theory (10.00 - 11.30)

Join Lovisa in **Classroom B** and learn more about React and why it is the best library around.

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/react_in_theory.markdown)

### Game Time Peer Review (11:30 - 12:30)

Stick around in Classroom B. You'll be working in the following pairs. Please spend 30 minutes on each project doing a through code review.

- Open issues on your partner teams's code base either asking questions about an approach or suggesting an alternative approach
- Open pull requests to fix bugs in your partner teams's code base.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Matt Hecker && Rick Bacci
* Michael Merrill & Matt Ewell && Rose Kohn & Jeff Ruane
* Alon Waisman && Chris Cenatiempo & Tyler Graham
* Zach Routhier & Regis Boudinot && Jack Yeh & Travis Haby
* Bret Doucette & Mimi Schatz && Robert Cornell
* Russell Harms & Mary Beth Burch && Dave Maurer & Erik Butcher
* Justin Holzmann & George Hudson && Ryan Asensio

### Project Work Time (1.30 - 4.00)

Meeka and Lovisa are on hand for questions.

## 1508

### Testing an External API (9:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace with Josh.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/testing_against_third_party_apis.md)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work.


## 1510

### Form and Route Helpers in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/forms_and_route_helpers_in_rails.markdown).

### Jobs Q & A (1:30 - 2:00)

Join Marissa in Classroom C to talk about The Hunt.

### Blogger Kickoff and Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Stick around and Mike will kick off Blogger for you.


## 1511

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (10:00 - 12:30)

Join Horace in **Classroom A** to talk about how Ruby internally
manages execution in your programs.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/stacks_methods_and_program_flow.markdown)

### All: Work Time (1:30 - 4:00)

Finally a bit of work time this afternoon.
