---
title: 20151211
layout: outline
---

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

No Survey, No Breakfast.

* [1507](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-olQVOvwFUP00ELjqjoMIA2KdsfiZUyq-x3xGD-qwIs/viewform)
* 1508 - [Special Survey](http://goo.gl/forms/2jvz5nkpyz) - [Easy Survey](http://goo.gl/forms/hT6xJTivfc) Fill out both, please.
* [1510](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1Dmng0dUeaD-wiFyygqW7H9Fdu72c-rtGv2EYmhX7Fx0/viewform)
* [1511]()

### 1507

#### In Review

- Testing Game Time ([Video](https://vimeo.com/148618912))
- Events in JavaScript ([Lesson Plan](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/04-events/README.md))
- Object-Oriented JavaScript with Canvas ([Video](https://vimeo.com/148156565), [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/03-object-oriented-javascript/03-canvas-and-object-oriented-javascript.md))
- Functions ([Video](https://vimeo.com/147635265), [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/02-functions/README.md))
- Adding Buttons to Closures ([Video](https://vimeo.com/148619196))

#### Self-Study

##### Learn JavaScript Data

This week you've done a lot of work with object-oriented JavaScript in the context of your Game Time applications. This morning, we want you to get a sense of some of functional side of JavaScript. There are some core concepts in this tutorial that we think will be really useful when you return back to your web applications.

- [Learn JS Data][jsdata]

[jsdata]: http://learnjsdata.com

#### Pairing

Reach out to either Steve or Lovisa to schedule a 30-45 pairing session.

##### With Steve

- 9:00: Rose and Jeff
- 9:30: Bret and Mimi
- 10:00: Regis

##### With Lovisa

- 9:00: MB
- 9:30: Alon
- 10:00: Tyler

### 1508

#### Large Group: Mastermind in 90 Minutes

Join Andrew in the **Big Workspace**

You all are tired and have been working on similar Rails projects for over a month now. Let's switch things up. No databases, no frameworks, no project manager.

Work either on your own or in self-selected pairs to see how far you can get building [Mastermind](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/mastermind.markdown). Don't worry about writing a perfect implementation. Hack out your code and have fun. Some of you may choose to write tests, others may choose to test manually. Totally up to you.

If you finish, some of you will, try to refactor. Can you write it using recursion instead of `until` or `while` loops? Can you remove all `if` and `case` statements? An easy approach is to build a hash with valid inputs that point to corresponding classes. Another more advanced approach would be to use the [command pattern](https://dockyard.com/blog/2013/11/05/design-patterns-command-pattern). Notice that all classes define the same `execute` method. Hold off on attempting to use the command pattern until you have a working implementation of Mastermind first.

#### Small Group Session

Meet with Josh at one of the big tables in Classroom A to discuss how to build successful projects.

* Edgar
* Ryan
* Jill
* Jerrod
* Sekhar
* David

### 1510

#### Swift Stats Review (9:00 - 9:15)

Join Mike in Classroom C to review your Ruby challenge from this week.

#### Week 2 Diagnostic (9:15 - ?)

Stay in Classroom C as Rachel explains the [Week 2 Diagnostic](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/3f63147dfd98c76de00a).

#### Peer Traffic Spy Review (? - 10:30)

When you finish with the diagnostic,spend ~45 minutes in the following groups doing peer code reviews:

* Joseph Perry & Aaron Greenspan & James Crockett
* Beth Sebian & & Lenny Myerson & Toni Rib
* Penney Garrett & Dan Winter & Brenna Martenson
* Brant Wellman & Steve Pentler & Taylor Moore
* Beth Secor & Hector Huertas Baeza & Steven Olson
* Greg Armstrong & Jordan Lawler

Things to look for:

* Confusing and/or long methods
* Duplicated code
* Logic in the controller
* Logic in the views
* Use of Ruby instead of ActiveRecord

### 1511

#### All: Weekly Survey

[Give us your hopes, your dreams, your fears](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1CsDOTiOhw4xidcCj_mIb2d_G6MSDXPAYFUzcGzeA6n8/viewform)

#### All: Recitation (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Cheek in **Classroom A** to review the topics
we've covered this week.

Special guest appearance by Horace.

### Gear-Up (10:30 - 11:15)

Join Lovisa in the big workspace.

### Guest Speaker (11:15 - 12:00)

Gather in the big workspace to hear from Joey, who works at GoSpotCheck.

### Lunch Roulette (12:00 - 1:15)

* David Whitaker, Mary Beth Burch, Sekhar Paladugu, Dan Winter
* Regis Boudinot, Matt Packer, John Slota, Steven Olson
* Deborah Hamel, Justin Pease, Russell Harms, Hector Huertas Baeza
* George Hudson, Steve Pentler, Alireza Andersen, Matt Rooney
* Jerrod Paul Junker, Robbie Lane, Toni Rib, Travis Haby
* Aaron Greenspan, Adrienne Domingus, Erik Butcher, Rose Kohn
* Kimiko Kano, Charles Ellison, Amber Crawford, Lenny Myerson
* Nick Weiland, Justin Holzmann, Jordan Lawler, Ross Edfort
* Joseph Perry, Jason Wright, Jill Donohue, Brian Rippeto
* Jhun de Andres, Stanley Siudzinski, Nicholas Dorans, Beth Secor
* Greg Armstrong, Michael Merrill, Alexis Navarrete, Pat Wey
* Hedy Woo, Brenna Martenson, Ryan Johnson, Dave Maurer
* James Crockett, Nate Venn, Matt Hecker, Tyler Komoroske
* Matt Pindell, Chris Cenatiempo, Jason Pilz, Beth Sebian
* Alon Waisman, Taylor Moore, Matt DesMarteau, Adam Jensen
* Jeff Ruane, Nicole Hall, Penney Garrett, July Tran
* Bret Doucette, Scott Firestone, Brant Wellman, David Stinnette
* Matt Stjernholm, Jack Yeh, Emily Blanchard, Shannon Paige
* Julian Feliciano, Aaron Careaga, Mimi Schatz, Rick Bacci, Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Matt Ewell, Marlo Major, Erinna Chen, Adam Hundley, Torie Joy-Warren
* Emily Dowdle, Chelsea Johnson, Ryan Asensio, Brennan Holzclaw
* Tyler Graham, Michael Wong, Marina Corona, Heidi Hoopes

### Group Retro (1:15 - 2:00)

* 1507 - Classroom B with Steve, Lovisa, and Meeka
* 1508 - Classroom Big Workspace with Josh and Andrew
* 1510 - Classroom C with Mike and Rachel
* 1511 - Classroom A with Horace and Josh

### Lightning Talks (2:00 - 2:45)

Gather in the big workspace.

* Russell Harms - Funcational and Object Oriented Programming
* David Stinnette - Combating PTSD with Tech
* Edgar Duran - Li-Fi
* Emily Dowdle - Mike Cohn’s Test Pyramid
* Robbie Lane - Animating SVGs
* Dan Winter - Programming the Keurig of Beer

### Electives (2:45 - 4:00)

* Chris Cenatiempo - Intro to C Programming
* Rose Kohn & Mimi Schatz - Therapeudic Refactoring Conference Talk
* Ryan Asensio - Intro to Clojure (!!!!)
* MB Burch - Play with Music with Sonic Pi
* Justin Pease - Beginner object model class (good for Foxtrotters!)
* Brenna Martenson - Intro to CSS: Code-along
* Ross Edfort - p5.js continued - p5.sound!
