---
title: 20160419
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* pecuniary - adjective - of or relating to money

## 1510

### Pub/Sub on the Server (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Meeka in Classroom C to discuss this [lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/pubsub_on_the_server.markdown).

### Building Real Time Applications in Node (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom C for [Building Real Time Applications in Node](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/real_time_applications_with_node.markdown).

Please Fork [Right-Now](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/right-now) and `npm install` prior to class.

### Real Time Kickoff (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A.

This afternoon, we'll kick off your final project: [Real Time][rt].

[rt]: https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/real_time.markdown


### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Get started on your projects.

### Fecho and Boxtrot Evaluations (2:00 - 4:00)

#### With Meeka

- 2:00: Marlo
- 2:20: Uncle Slota
- 2:40: Brant
- 3:00: Beth Secor

#### With Steve

- 3:10: Justin
- 3:30: Shannon and Jamie


## 1511

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace.

Who REALLY understands the Asset Pipeline? You will.

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

- Kimiko Kano & Julian Feliciano
- David Whitaker
- Nick Weiland
- Adrienne Domingus
- Alexis Navarrete
- Chelsea Johnson
- Heidi Hoopes
- Lenny Myerson
- Nate Venn

#### With Nate

- Scott Firestone
- Nicholas Dorans
- Charissa Lawrence
- Allan Blair
- Adam Hundley
- Brian Rippeto
- Brennan Holtzclaw
- July Tran
- Erinna Chen


## 1602

### Rails Views Tips and Tricks (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B. [Here is your lesson plan.](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rails_views_tips_and_techniques.markdown)

### Little Shop Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

[Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxpDa-c-4Mc)

This is stuck in my head thanks to Jorge, and I see no reason why it shouldn't
be stuck in yours as well.

### Little Shop Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Rachel:

* 1:00 Andrew Thompson & Jonathan Liss & Alireza Andersen
* 1:45 Matt Pindell & Claudia Kiesenhofer & Ling Tran & Patrick Hardy
* 2:30 Thomas Pickett & Hedy Woo & Sal Espinosa
* 3:15 Kami Boers & Christopher Soden & Ashwin Rao

#### With Andrew:

* 1:00 Deborah Hamel & Kris Foss & Mark Miranda
* 1:45 Joshua Washke & Jared Roth & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 2:30 Jonathan Bernesser & Jeneve Parrish & Marina Corona

## 1603

### Advanced Enumerables (9:00 - 10:30)

I solemnly swear I am up to no good.

### Work Time (10:30 - 4:00)

Work Away.

### Project Evals (10:30 - 4:00)

#### With Jhun
* 10:30 - Anna Weisbrodt & Kerry Sheldon
* 11:00 - Lucy Fox & Robert Jaeger
* 11:30 - Christine Gamble & Luigi Aversano
* 1:00 - Marcella Wigg & Karina Gonzales

#### With Tess
* 10:30 - Michael Lane Winham & Erin Greenhalgh
* 11:00 - Brian Sayler & Ryan Batty
* 11:30 - Colin Osborn & Ji Kim

#### With Mike
* 10:30 - Jennifer Soden & Linda McCartney
* 11:00 - Nick Pisciotta & Sonia Gupta
* 11:30 - Parker Phillips & Kris Sparks
* 1:00 - Charles Kaminer & Peter Springer
* 1:30 - Ilana Corson
