---
title: 20160216
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* calumniate - verb - to make false and malicious statements about; slander

### Posse Challenge (8:30 - 9:00)

Check out [this week's Posse Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/posse_challenges/tree/master/people_database).

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)


## 1508

### Homework

[Recursion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7-N8R0-KY4)

Watch ^ and then fork [this gist](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/495f806c254d0891267c) and respond to the question. (3 points)

### Recursion and Generators (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C. This morning you'll be working through the following:

- [Recursion](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/02-functions/04-recursion.md)
- [Generators](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/02-functions/05-generators.md)

#### Recursion Pairs

* Robbie Lane & Sekhar Paladugu
* Tyler Komoroske & Pat Wey
* Jhun de Andres & Matt Stjernholm
* Ross Edfort & Adam Jensen
* Torie Warren & Jill Donohue
* Michael Wong & Ryan Johnson
* Amber Crawford & Emily Dowdle
* Aaron Careaga & Jason Pilz
* Matt Rooney & Marlo Major & Jessica Goulding

#### Generator Pairs

* Ryan Johnson & Sekhar Paladugu
* Adam Jensen & Matt Rooney
* Jhun de Andres & Amber Crawford
* Emily Dowdle & Marlo Major
* Jason Pilz & Jill Donohue
* Torie Warren & Pat Wey
* Michael Wong & Tyler Komoroske
* Aaron Careaga & Matt Stjernholm
* Robbie Lane & Ross Edfort & Jessica Goulding

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work.

Don't forget to fill out the [Third Check In Form](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime/template/check_in3.markdown) prior to checkins.

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 2:30)

#### With Nate

* 1:00: Robbie Lane & Ross Edfort
* 1:30: Jhun de Andres & Aaron Careaga
* 2:00: Pat Wey & Torie Warren

#### With Steve

* 1:00: Jason Pilz & Ryan Johnson
* 1:30: Matt Stjernholm & Emily Dowdle
* 2:00: Matt Rooney & Adam Jensen

#### With Meeka

* 1:00: Amber Crawford & Sekhar Paladugu
* 1:30: Jill Donohue & Tyler Komoroske
* 2:00: Marlo Major & Michael Wong

## 1510

### Getting Started with OAuth (9:00 - 11:00)

Join Lovisa in Classroom B to learn about OAuth.

Please clone the [secretit](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/secretic) repo before class.

### JSON Fundamentals (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### APICurious Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Curious.


## 1511

### Rush Hour Evaluations (9:00 - 11:15)

Bring your notebook to evalutions so that you can take notes to add to your Module 2 portfolio.

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 Nick Weiland & Alexis Navarrete & Chelsea Johnson
* 9:45 Adrienne Domingus & July Tran & Adam Hundley
* 10:30 Nicholas Dorans & Erinna Chen

With Andrew:

* 9:00 Julian Feliciano & Scott Firestone & Nate Venn
* 9:45 Hedy Woo & Heidi Hoopes & David Whitaker
* 10:30 Charles Ellison & Allan Blair & Admir Draganovic
* 11:15 Kimiko Kano & Brian Rippeto & Brennan Holtzclaw

While you're not in evaluations, read [this article](http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-on-rails/routing) on routing in Rails in preparation for this afternoon's first Rails class. Google terms that are unfamiliar to you. Then answer the questions in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/c3575b4e49641c02fe18). Fork it, answer the questions, and add the link to your finished version in the comments of the original. Finish the questions before this afternoon's REST, Controllers, and Routing class.

Other than completing the questions in that gist, there are no other requirements for this morning. Take a breather before we jump into Rails this afternoon. You might also choose to:

* add your Rush Hour scores and notes to your Module 2 portfolio
* start or continue a blog post for your portfolio
* explore the [Rails Guides](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html) for routing

### REST, Controllers and Routing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rest_routing_and_controllers_in_rails.markdown).

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)

Big Workspace.

## 1602

### Sorting Suite Evals (9:00 - 11:30)

#### With Meeka

* 9:00 - Gurusundesh Khalsa

#### With Horace

* 9:30 - Andrew Thompson
* 10:00 - Jonathan Bernesser
* 10:30 - Jonathan Liss

#### With Nate

* 9:00- Matt Pindell
* 9:30 - Joshua Washke
* 10:00 - Kami Boers
* 10:30 - Marina Corona
* 11:00 - Sal Espinosa

### All: Pairing Patterns (9:00 - 11:30)

Classroom A. You will be working in the following pairs.

* Emily McClung & Matt Pindell
* Andrew Thompson & Joshua Washke
* Jonathan Bernesser & Kami Boers
* Jonathan Liss & Marina Corona
* Sal Espinosa & Alireza Andersen
* Ashwin Rao & Christine Gamble
* Christopher Soden & Claudia Kiesenhofer
* Colin Osborn & Deborah Hamel
* Gurusundesh Khalsa & Emily Blanchard
* Ilana Corson & Jared Roth
* Jeneve Parrish & Jennifer Soden
* Kris Foss & Ling Tran
* Mark Miranda & Matthew DesMarteau
* Patrick Hardy & Thomas Pickett

### Echo: Project Kickoffs (11:30 - 12:00)

Staff Table.

### Foxtrot: Project Q & A (11:30 - 12:00)

Join Mike in Classroom A where he will be fielding questions
related to your Enigmae and Nightwriters.

### All: Testing Strategies: (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to talk bout dat testing.
