---
title: 20160407
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day
* shibboleth - noun - a peculiarity of pronounciation, behavior, mode of
dress, etc that distinguishes a particular class or set of persons.


## 1510

### IdeaBox in React Kick Off (9:00 - 9:15)

Join Steve in Classroom C.

Yesterday, we did a whirlwind introduction to React. The next step is for you to get your hands dirty and try it out for yourself.

You'll begin working on this [tutorial](http://github.com/applegrain/creact) where you'll be cloning down a Rails API and build out CRUD functionality using the `react-rails` gem.

### Scale Up Project Kick Off (9:15 - 9:45)

Join Meeka and Steve in Classroom C.

[Here is a rundown](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/week-4-kickoff.markdown) of the project choices.

[Here is a very important survey](http://goo.gl/forms/8dZd7MejyC) that you need to have completed by no later than 3pm on Friday.

### Project Work Time

Make sure you've completed your [submission form](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1510/module_4_assignments/gametime/template/submission_form.markdown).

Also, it's in production or it didn't happen.

### GameTime Evaluations (2:00 - 3:30)

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/gametime_project.markdown)
- [Submissions](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1510/module_4_assignments/gametime)

#### With Tess

* 2:00: Jordan Lawler & Toni Rib
* 2:30: Edgar Duran & Dan Winter
* 3:00: Steve 'Dad' Pentler & David Stinnette

#### Wtih Steve

* 2:00: Greg Armstrong & Beth Secor
* 2:30: John 'Uncle' Slota & Shannon Paige
* 3:00: Penney Garrett & Beth Sebian

#### With Meeka

* 2:00: Brant Wellman & Aaron Greenspan
* 2:30: Joseph Perry & Jamie Crockett & Justin Pease
* 3:00: Steve Olson & Brenna Martenson

## 1511

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Put those finishing touches on it.

### Apicurious Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

- Nick Weiland
- Julian Feliciano
- Adrienne Domingus
- Heidi Hoopes
- Erinna Chen
- Allan Blair
- July Tran
- Kimiko Kano
- Nicholas Dorans
- Scott Firestone

#### With Nate

- Brian Rippeto
- David Whitaker
- Brennan Holtzclaw
- Alexis Navarrete
- Adam Hundley
- Chelsea Johnson
- Lenny Myerson
- Nate Venn
- Charissa Lawrence


## 1602

### Blogger Recap (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom B.

### Feature Testing in Rails (9:30 - 10:30)

[This is our lesson plan for today](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/feature_testing_rails_applications_with_minitest_or_rspec.md). Classroom B.

### Model Testing in Rails (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B with Rachel. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/model_testing_in_rails.markdown).

### Work Time: Model Testing (1:00 - 3:00)

Anywheeeeere. Work on [these challenges](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/model_testing_rails.markdown).

With Rachel:

* 1:10 Thomas Pickett
* 1:22 Matt Pindell
* 1:34 Ling Tran
* 1:46 Claudia Kiesenhofer
* 1:58 Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 2:10 Jonathan Bernesser
* 2:22 Deborah Hamel
* 2:34 Jeneve Parrish

With Andrew:

* 1:10 Marina Corona
* 1:22 Ashwin Rao
* 1:34 Jonathan Liss

### Model Testing: A Review (3:00 - 3:30)

Classroom B with Rachel.

### MixMaster KickOff (3:30 - 4:00)

[This](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/tree/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/mix_master) is THE MIX_MASTER! Classroom B.
Let's kick off [Mix Master](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/tree/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/mix_master) in Classroom B.


## 1603

### Project Evals (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Horace
* 9:00 - Denali Lord
* 9:30 - Lane Winham
* 10:00 - Kris Sparks
* 10:30 - Parker Phillips
* 11:00 - Sonia Gupta
* 11:30 - Joshua Cohen

#### With Lovisa
* 9:00 - Marcella Wigg
* 9:30 - Anna Weisbrodt
* 10:00 - Jennifer Soden
* 10:30 - Linda McCartney
* 11:00 - Ryan Batty
* 11:30 - Kerry Sheldon

#### With Mike
* 9:00 - Brian Sayler
* 9:30 - Lucy Fox
* 10:00 - Robbie Jaeger
* 10:30 - Colin Osborn
* 11:00 - Ilana Corson
* 11:30 - Christine Gamble

#### With Nate
* 9:00 - Jason Hanna
* 9:30 - Karina Gonzales
* 10:00 - Luigi Aversano
* 10:30 - Megan McMullin
* 11:00 - Erin Greenhalgh
* 11:30 - Charles Kaminer

#### With Tess
* 9:00 - Nick Pisciotta
* 9:30 - Peter Springer

### Pair Code Challenge (9:00 - 12:00)

You're working on this when youre not being evaluated.
When you're not being evaluated, pair up and work on [this code challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/well_formed_strings.markdown)

* rbatty, robbiejaeger
* anna_w, kerry
* marcellawigg, saylerb
* ckaminer, icorson3
* lane, codingzero
* lin, karinamzalez
* luigi_ave1, nickpisciotta
* ji, colinosborn
* msjennygiraffe, thatgirlcancode
* parkercp, peter.springer
* jhanna, soniagupta504
* e_green, mcmegan
* kbs5280, josh
* christinecgamble, lucyfox

### Project Recap and Refactor (1:00 - 4:00)

Let's get together to talk about some of the things that went well in
our projects and what could be improved.

We'll work through 3 sessions

#### Project-Specific Recap (1:30 - 2:30)

Join one of the staff to look through some example solutions to the week's project.

##### Enigma - Classroom A with Horace

##### Nightwriter - Staff Table with Mike

##### CompleteMe / Battleship - Big Workspace with Lovisa

#### Group Discussion: Top-Down vs. Bottom-Up Design (2:30 - 3:00)

Gather in Classroom A.

#### Practicing (3:00 - 4:00)

Pair up with a student who worked on the same project with you.

For the next 90 minutes choose one of the design approaches just discussed.
**Start from scratch** on your project and see how far you can get applying these techniques in combination with TDD.
