---
title: 20160323
layout: outline
---
## All

### Word of the Day:

* affinal - adjective - related by or concerning marriage


## 1510

### Array.prototype Methods

We'll do a whole group discussion and review.

- Here is [a recording a previous version][video] of the lecture.
- [Clone down this repository][mdn]. You'll be using it all module.
- You'll be working through [this tutorial][apm].
- There are are some tests in `demos/array-prototype-methods` that go along with the tutorials.
- Your job is to make those tests pass.
- You'll be filling out these [checks for understanding][cfu].
- **Extension**: We cover a number of other useful methods [here][add].

[mdn]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck
[apm]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/tree/gh-pages/tutorials/01-array-prototype-methods
[cfu]: https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/7acbc39dc6c77d3bafbf
[video]: https://vimeo.com/132966650
[add]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/01-array-prototype-methods/01-additional-methods.md


### Project Work Time

Meeka, Tess, and Steve are around (remotely) via pull request, Slack, and Screenhero.

### Homework

[Fork this gist on ES6 and respond](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/8435729452a3e3ad8cd3)


## 1511

### Multi Tenancy Authorization (9:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Pivot Away!


## 1602

### CRUD Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Come to Classroom B.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (9:30 - 12:00)

Come to Classroom B.

### Nokogiri (1:00 - 1:30)

Come to Classroom B.

### Acceptance testing with Capybara (1:30 - 4:00 )

Come to Classroom B.


## 1603

### All: Introducing Arrays (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A with Horace.

### All: Exploring .each and Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

Mike tags in.  Stay in Classroom A.

### Echo: Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

### Foxtrot: Drills Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Horace
* 2:30 - Jason Hanna
* 2:45 - Jennifer Soden
* 3:00 - Christine Gamble
* 3:15 - Josh Cohen
* 3:30 - Parker Phillips

#### With Mike
* 1:30 - Kris Sparks
* 1:45 - Peter Springer
* 2:00 - Linda McCartney
* 2:15 - Charles Kaminer
* 2:30 - Sonia Gupta
* 2:45 - Michael Lane Winham
* 3:00 - Luigi Aversano
* 3:15 - Erin Greenhalgh

#### With Lovisa
* 1:30 - Megan McMullin
* 1:45 - Ji Kim
* 2:00 - Nick Pisciotta
* 2:15 - Karina Gonzales
* 2:30 - Colin Osborn
* 2:45 - Ilana Corson
* 3:00 - Yoseph Anderson
* 3:15 - Denali Lord
