---
title: 131007
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Warmup
* Weekly Preview / Intro to Focus Week
* Focus Week Sessions (9:30 - noon, 1:00 - 2:00)
* Reading Group (2:00 - 3:30)
* Lightning Talk Intro (3:30 - 4:00)
* Lightning Talk Kickoff (4:00 - 4:30)

## Weekly Preview

* Focus Week sessions Monday-Thursday
* First round of Lightning Talks
* Katrina out Thursday & Friday

## Focus Sessions

### Challenge Group with Frank

If you're feeling comfortable with what we've done so far, meet with Frank to push yourself down in The Pit.

### Progress Group with Jeff

If you feel like you've rumbled through a lot of our work but need to round the wheel, meet with Jeff in Public Conference Room East (up front).

### Emerging Group with Katrina

If you want to focus on filling the gaps in your understanding, meet with Katrina in the classroom.

## Reading Group (2:00 - 3:00)

Today during reading group you need to:

* Get together with your current group and check-in on progress / goals set last week.
* Collect, review, and give feedback on each other's work
* Discuss any areas of particular interest / confusion
* Set goals for this week as you complete the text

## Reading Group Check-In (3:00-3:30)

### Progress Check-Ins

First, let's hear from each of the groups for about 5 minutes including...

* What text are you reading?
* What's been most valuable about it?
* What deliverable(s) has your group been completing?
* What's your completion rate like? Are group members sticking to the plan?
* What's going to happen over the last week?

Groups:

* Pickaxe
* Eloquent Ruby
* Learn to Program
* Pragmatic Thinking & Learning

### Next Book

Then let's select your second book which you'll start **next** week. Review the options at http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/reading/suggestions.html#html-&-css-fundamentals

## Lightning Talks

### Good Lightning Talks

#### A Strong Lightning Talk

* Runs *exactly* 5 minutes
* Has a clear topic/purpose
* Draws you in with a problem statement
* Is somehow combative or challenging
* Moves quickly enough to be engaging, but not so fast it's overwhelming
* Uses visual aids to enhance, not "be" the message
* Leaves the audience with a "next step"
* Makes good use of basic visual design concepts

#### A Weak Lightning Talk

* Is a series of facts without a narrative
* Has the speaker reading words that the audience can see on the slides
* Lacks energy
* Uses text or code that's too small or too low-contrast to read (especially with your ultracool dark-green-on-black vim color scheme)
* Uses over-the-top effects which distract from the core message (ie: most anything on Prezi)

#### Two Samples

* [Ash Beckham - "So Gay"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gxs78C3XGok)
* [Ryan McGeary - "Do your commit messages suck?"](http://www.confreaks.com/videos/744-rockymtnruby2011-lightning-talk-do-your-commit-messages-suck)

### Our Lightning Talk Process

#### Monday: Brainstorm ideas

* Usually a theme each week
* Talk out ideas as a group
* Decide on the concepts
* Set a presentation order

#### Tuesday: Key points

* Bullet-point outline
* Establishes the "purpose"
* The key facts / arguments
* The leave behind / next step

#### Wednesday: Rough Draft

* Visual aids created and ready for feedback
* Spoken content ready for feedback but not yet mastered

#### Thursday: Rehearsal

* Presentation to the small group as though doing it for the full class
* Feedback from the instructor and groupmates

#### Friday: Present

* Present to the group
* Recorded and posted for your portfolio

### Lightning Talk Groups

#### Group A

* Quentin Tai
* Jonah Moses
* Magan Adam
* Will Mitchell
* Simon Taranto
* Luke Martinez

#### Group B

* Louisa Barrett
* Lauren Spath Luhring
* Darryl Pequeen
* Rolen Le
* Katrina Engelsted
* Kevin Powell

#### Group C

* George Hudson
* Billy Griffin
* Ben Horne
* Ben Lewis
* Bryana Knight
* Nathaniel Watts

#### Group D

* Tyler Long
* Antony Siegert
* Brian Winterling
* Persa Zula
* Nikhil Taneja
* Bree Thomas
* Romeeka Gayhart