---
title: 130912
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Warmup: Luncheon
* Class: Microblogger

## Warmup: Luncheon

For today's warmup you need to work in pairs:

* Louisa Barrett with Quentin Tai
* Ben Horne with George Hudson
* Bryana Knight with Tyler Long
* Katrina Englestad with Lauren Spath Luhring
* Will Mitchell with Luke Martinez
* Simon Taranto with Jonah Moses
* Kevin Powell with Brian Winterling
* Darryl Pequeen with Nathaniel Watts
* Antony Siegert with Persa Zula
* Nikhil Taneja with Romeeka Gayhart
* Billy Griffin with Ben Lewis
* Rolen Le with Bree Thomas and Magan Adam

The problem will be distributed at 8:25. Please grab your pair, work anywhere you like, and be *back in your seats at 9:00*.

## MicroBlogger

Today you'll work on Microblogger, a command-line Twitter client.

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/microblogger.html

### Groups

Complete the project in pairs:

* Louisa Barrett with Nikhil Taneja
* Antony Siegert with Billy Griffin
* Bryana Knight with Romeeka Gayhart
* Will Mitchell with George Hudson
* Darryl Pequeen with Quentin Tai
* Kevin Powell with Luke Martinez
* Persa Zula with Katrina Englestad
* Ben Horne with Simon Taranto
* Tyler Long with Lauren Spath Luhring
* Bree Thomas with Rolen Le
* Magan Adam with Jonah Moses
* Nathaniel Watts with Ben Lewis and Brian Winterling

### Demo Accounts

Each team has a demo account. Please sign out of your personal twitter account in your web browser to avoid spamming your so-called friends.

Account credentials will be posted on the whiteboard.

### Work Pattern

Your pair should create a single program that represents equal effort from each half. We suggest you:

* Pick one person's machine to be "primary"
* Start a Screenhero session on that machine
* Connect to that session from the other person's machine
* On the primary machine, allow the second person to control the mouse/keyboard
* Have one person do the typing, and the other person tell them what to type
* Use pomodoros, and each session flip-flop responsibilities
* Feel free to work in the classroom or anywhere else in the building

The most obvious way to arrange yourselves, physically, is side-by-side. But some pairs like to sit across the table from each other, machines back-to-back or offset, so the programmers can easily see each other.

### Support

If you need support during your project, use the following process:

1. Hammer on it with your pair for at least 15 minutes
2. If that didn't work, ask a another pair for help/advice
3. If that didn't work, ask a second pair for help/advice
4. If none of that works, ask Jeff & Frank

### Submission

Submit your completed project as a single `.rb` file by attaching it to an email sent to submission@jumpstartlab.com by 8:30AM on Monday, 9/16.

Within the file include a comment at the top in this format:

```ruby
###
# MicroBlogger
# by Jeff Casimir and Frank Webber
# Completed 9/8/13
###
```

Where you fill in your own names and completion date.

### Evaluation

This project will be evaluated by your peers on Monday morning. The emphasis will be on proper functionality, but they'll also subjectively evaluate code style/aesthetics.