---
title: 131101
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Guest: Konstantin Haase Q&A (9:00 - 10:00) 
* Retrospective (10:00 - 11:00)
* Blogger: Getting Started (11:00 - 12:00) 
* Blogger Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)
* 1-on-1s (1:00 - 4:00)
* Weekly Wrap Up 4:00

## Guest: Konstantin Haase Q&A (9:00 - 10:00) 

* [On Github](https://github.com/rkh)
* [Personal Blog](http://rkh.im/)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/konstantinhaase)

## Retrospective (10:00 - 11:00)

### Personal Retrospective

Spend 30 minutes writing and publishing a personal retrospective on your class blog including:

* What did you learn about [Sinatra, SQL, HTML/CSS, the Web/HTTP] during the CloneWars project?
* What's the most confusing part of the project that you somehow hacked together?
* How are you feeling about writing/using feature or acceptance tests?
* If you had another week for Clone Wars, what would you build?
* What was different about working in a three-person group?

Please come back to the classroom by 10:30.

### Link Aggregation

When you're done, please add a link to your post on this thread:

http://gschool.groupbuzz.io/topics/810-retrospective-10-24

### Group Retrospective

* Starting into Rails projects
* Being a productive team
* Open Floor
* 4 Shout-Outs

## Blogger: Getting Started (11:00 - 12:00) 

* Start Blogger today: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/blogger.html
* Get through Iteration 5 by Monday
* Encouraged to work with others
* Use Git along the way
* Use TDD for extra challenge

## Blogger Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon when you're *not* in 1-on-1s you should jump into the Blogger tutorial.

## 1-on-1s (1:00 - 4:00)

### With Jeff at Metropolitan Coffee

If you're going to get coffee please come early :)

* 1:10 - Brian Winterling
* 1:25 - Nikhil Taneja
* 1:40 - George Hudson
* 1:55 - Katrina Engelsted

* 2:20 - Tyler Long
* 2:35 - Billy Griffin
* 2:50 - Rolen Le
* 3:05 - Darryl Pequeen

### With Frank in the War Room

* 1:10 - Kevin Powell
* 1:25 - Luke Martinez
* 1:40 - Quentin Tai
* 1:55 - Bryana Knight

* 2:20 - Nathaniel Watts
* 2:35 - Jonah Moses
* 2:50 - Magan Adam
* 3:05 - Persa Zula

### With Jorge in the Perch

* 1:10 - Louisa Barrett
* 1:25 - Ben Lewis
* 1:40 - Lauren Spath Luhring
* 1:55 - Ben Horne

* 2:20 - Antony Siegert
* 2:35 - Romeeka Gayhart
* 2:50 - Will Mitchell

## Weekly Wrap Up 4:00

 Let's get together in the classroom at the end of the day to close out.