---
title: 140805
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

As mentioned yesterday, the water is being turned off in the building for
repairs noon to 4pm. So, this afternoon, let's migrate over to Society. Please
meet there by 1pm.

### Warmup

This morning for warmup please jump into your next/current Exercism exercise.

For an added twist, try implementing your solution using as few total lines of
code as possible.

### Community Night (6:00-8:00)

If possible, it'd be great to have some of you stick around for Community
Night. Rachel will be leading a session about jQuery.

## 1406

You're in the **work space** all morning.

### Contact Manager (9:00-4:00)

With Blogger complete, let's move on to a more complex tutorial that integrates
testing.

Complete the [ContactManager tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/contact_manager.html)
by 1pm Thursday.

## 1407

You're in the **classroom space** all morning.

### REPL Essentials (9:00-10:00)

First up, Jorge will work with you on better understanding REPL-style
interfaces. You'll build a game with a very original name: Numbermind.
The game should,

1. Generate a random number.
2. Take a guess from the user.
3. Tell you if your guess is above, below or right.
4. Allow you to play again.

### Writing CLI Tests (10:00-12:00)

How do you test input and output for a CLI? We'll keep building on Jorge's 
Numbermind game to add tests that check output printed to the console and input
passed in by the user. 

### Games Work Time (1:00-4:00)

Then, this afternoon, push forward with your game.
