---
title: 131122
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Guest: Justin Gitlin 9:00-10:00
* Lightning Talks 10:00-11:00
* Retrospective 11:00-12:00
* The Hiring Plan 1:00-2:00
* 1-on-1s & Self-Study 2:00-4:00

## Guest: Justin Gitlin

* Partner & Developer at [Mode Set](http://modeset.com/)
* Makes music as [Cacheflow](http://www.cacheflowe.com/)
* Created the [Roll-It Chrome Experiment](http://chrome.com/campaigns/rollit)
* [Github](https://github.com/cacheflowe)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cacheflowe)

## Retrospective 11:00 AM to 12:00 PM

### Personal Retrospective

Spend 30 minutes writing and publishing a personal retrospective on your class blog including:

* What did you think about the code retreat? How did it feel to work on a problem which, given your time constraint, was unsolvable? What lessons/ideas did you take away?
* What did you learn through Dinner Dash? Do you have any interesting areas of focus as you go into your next project?
* How has the week of JavaScript been? What's making sense and what's confusing? What was the most difficult thing you were able to achieve?

Please come back to the classroom by 11:35.

### Group Retro

* Code Retreat
* JavaScript Week
* Assessment
* Hardware Tuesday

## The Hiring Plan

### Historical Recap

* From 22 respondents, average Hungry Academy salary was $89,000
* From 18 respondents, average gSchool-0 salary was $77,155, the low was $60,000 and the high $95,000
* At the last day of gSchool-0, 15 of 23 students had offers signed. 22 of 23 had signed within two weeks of graduation.
* 11 students went into consulting, 12 went to product companies
* Consulting was a bit tougher to get interest than product

#### Geographic Distribution of gSchool-0

* Denver: 8
* Boulder: 5
* Chicago: 2
* NYC: 2
* Atlanta: 2
* DC: 1
* Boston: 1
* SF/Mex: 1

### Timing

* Program Ends 2/28
* Flex time 2/17 - 2/28
* Portfolios posted 1/13
* Portfolio / Resume prep 1/6

### What to Do Now

* Meet with Susannah, especially mentioning special constraints
* Keep your eyes open
* Let us know about companies / areas you're interested in
* Talk to mentors, user group people, etc about their company/job

### What Not to Do Now

* Worry
* Apply for jobs
* Work on your portfolio/resume
* Be concerned about competing with your classmates

### What We're Seeing So Far

* Demand is still high and spread geographically
* gSchool-0 students have created great impressions on their employers, they want more people (ex: iTriage, Comverge, Pivotal)
* Several CO companies where we didn't place anyone are still interested (ex: SendGrid, Welltok)
* Our LivingSocial network is spreading, like Chad Fowler in Berlin, Ian Lotinsky at Learnzillion, HA grads at New Relic
* There's growing international interest from Canada, England, Germany, Australia

### What We're Watching Out For

* Trying to not ruin the last weeks of the program
* We learned that people locked into one location (ex: Boston, Atlanta) are the hardest to place.
* Some skepticism about demand in Colorado
* Trying to get better at "enterprise" opportunities like Expedia
* Going to focus more networking effort on Bay Area

### Takeaways

* This is not a buffet
* It's you, not us
* We put in what you put in
* Timebox your thinking
* It will work out great

## 1-on-1s

### With Jeff at Metropolitan

* 2:00 - Bryana Knight
* 2:15 - Quentin Tai
* 2:30 - Kevin Powell
* 2:45 - Brian Winterling
* 3:00 - Lauren Spath Luhring
* 3:15 - Tyler Long
* 3:30 - Magan Adam
* 3:45 - Darryl Pequeen
* (Simon Taranto)

### With Frank in The Perch

* 2:00 - Nathaniel Watts
* 2:15 - Jonah Moses
* 2:30 - Katrina Engelsted
* 2:45 - George Hudson
* 3:00 - Persa Zula
* 3:15 - Bree Thomas
* 3:30 - Billy Griffin
* 3:45 - Romeeka Gayhart

### With Jorge in The Nook

* 2:00 - Louisa Barrett
* 2:15 - Ben Lewis
* 2:30 - Nikhil Taneja
* 2:45 - Will Mitchell
* 3:00 - Ben Horne
* 3:15 - Antony Siegert
* 3:30 - Luke Martinez
* 3:45 - Rolen Le

## Self-Study Time

During self-study today, you should **get together with at least one other person** and study something like:

* Revising JavaScript topics from the week
* Integrating some JavaScript functionality into your blog
* Revisiting intermediate git topics from Tim's visit
* Working on your Rails or JavaScript reading books
* Try out a completely new programming language like Go, Scala, or Clojure
* Use an Arduino kit and get a head-start on learning how to use it
* Work on open-source software / tutorials. Were there things you tried this week that you wish were better explained?