---
title: 130913
layout: outline
---

## Daily Outline

* Alumni Panel
* Understanding Open Source
* 1-on-1s
* Self-Directed Study

## Alumni Panel

We'll have a chat with 10 students from our past classes, Hungry Academy and gSchool-0. They include:

### gSchool-0

* Kareem Grant
* Aimee Maher
* Bradley Sheehan
* Geoff Schorkopf

### Hungry Academy

* Travis Valentine
* Tom Kiefhaber
* Austen Ito
* Ed Weng
* Mark Tabler
* Andy Glass

### Discussion Questions

* Intros: Name, Location, Team/Job
* A) Tom, Andy, Travis: As people who came in with little-to-no programming experience: what were you thinking/feeling after the first few days?
* B) Austen, Kareem: As people coming in with more programming experience, what did you think about your classmates early on? Were there any surprises?
* C) Bradley, Mark: What do you wish you knew back at the beginning of HA?
* D) Aimee, Travis, Ed: Can you tell us about how the group culture evolved? How did you feel about interacting with the rest of the class on a daily basis?
* E) Tom, Geoff: Can you tell us about transitioning to your job? What kind of role did you move in to and what were your responsibilities?
* F) Andy, Kareem: What areas/skills did you feel weak on when you started in your job?
* G) Ed, Bradley, Aimee: What are you learning now?
* H) Austen, Mark, Geoff: Any tips on dealing with me, Frank, or Katrina?
* I) All: Any other top tips to share?

## Understanding Open Source

### What does "Open Source" mean?

* Personal Motivations
* Commercial Motivations

### Intellectual Property Concerns

* Usage
* Redistribution
* Derivitive Works

### Licensing

* [The GPL (General Public License)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License)
* "Copyleft"
* [Apache License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_License)
* [MIT License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
* [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/)

### Source Control

* CVS and SVN
* Sourceforge and Rubyforge
* Linux, Linus, and Git
* Github
* Git Alternatives: Mercurial, Bazaar, SVN
* Github Alternatives: BitBucket, Launchpad

### Ruby Ecosystem

* [Rubygems.org](http://rubygems.org)
* [Github](http://github.com)
* [Ruby Toolbox](http://ruby-toolbox.com)

### Open Source Workflow
* Issues
* Forks & Branches
* Pull Requests
* Releases

## 1-on-1s

Each week you'll meet with one of the instructors to check-in on your progress and help solve any issues. Meetings will go for about 10 minutes each.

For this week...

### With Jeff in The Perch

* Persa Zula
* Kevin Powell
* Nikhil Taneja
* Ben Lewis
* Luke Martinez
* Simon Taranto
* Tyler Long
* Antony Siegert
* George Hudson
* Rolen Le
* Brian Winterling
* Bree Thomas
* Darryl Pequeen

### With Frank in The War Room

* Louisa Barrett
* Will Mitchell
* Lauren Spath Luhring
* Magan Adam
* Jonah Moses
* Ben Horne
* Nathaniel Watts
* Bryana Knight
* Katrina Englestad
* Billy Griffin
* Romeeka Gayhart
* Quentin Tai

## Self-Directed Study Time

During today's self directed study you should:

1. Find a pair to work with
2. Work through our [Building an Identity tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/building_an_identity.html)
3. Revisit the EventManager project to go over parts that were confusing. Consider deleting and re-implementing some segments in different ways.
