---
title: 140723
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

## 1406

### IdeaBox Work Time & Check Ins (9:10-Noon)

#### With Josh

* 9:10 - Chad Brading
* 9:30 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 9:50 - Hilary Denton
* 10:10 - Corey Davis
* 10:30 - Marc Garreau
* 10:50 - Emily Davis
* 11:10 - Robert Gu
* 11:30 - Jonmichael Chambers

#### With Jeff

* 9:10 - Eric Fransen
* 9:30 - Alan Smith
* 9:50 - Andrew Watkins
* 10:10 - Allison Larson
* 10:30 - Horacio Chavez

#### With Jorge

* 10:50 - Tim Proctor
* 11:10 - Tan Doan
* 11:30 - Will Faurot
* 11:50 - Andy Mention

### Testing Sinatra Applications (1:00-4:00)

Nathan will teach you how to test your Sinatra applications.

## 1407

### Mythical Creatures (9:00-12:00)

This morning we're going to work on the Mythical Creatures exercises.

#### Setup

Here's how to get the files you need. In your Terminal:

* switch to the directory where you'll keep your projects
* clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:JumpstartLab/ruby-exercises.git`
* change to the mythical creatures directory: `cd ruby-exercises/mythical-creatures`
* open the folder in your editor: `atom .`

#### Doing the Work

The recommended order is:

* `unicorn_test.rb`
* `vampire_test.rb`
* `dragon_test.rb`
* `hobbit_test.rb`
* `pirate_test.rb`
* `wizard_test.rb`
* `medusa_test.rb`
* `werewolf_test.rb`
* `centaur_test.rb`

Your general process is:

1. Run the test file (like `ruby unicorn_test.rb`)
2. If the tests fail, read the output / error messages and fix them
3. If the tests pass, see if there are any more tests in that file which have a `skip`. Remove the next `skip` and goto step 1.
4. If you've completed all the tests for that file, then move on to the next.

#### Schedule

We're going to try a bit of independent work mixed with pairing.

##### Independent Session (9:00-10:00)

Let's spend the first hour working on your own.

##### Pairing Session (10:00-11:00)

Next let's get together in the following pairs:

* Pairs

While you're pairing, use these techniques:

* Both halves of the pair keep their hands on keyboards at all times
* The person typing at the moment is the *driver* and the other half is the *navigator*.
The driver's job is just to be the typist and double-checker, the navigator does the
thinking, logic, and dictates the code they want to see.
* Every three lines of code or sooner use the phrase *tag* to signal that it's
time to swap roles.

##### Independent Session (11:00-12:00)

Finally let's spend the last hour working alone.

#### Extra Challenges

##### Test with RSpec

For the majority of the class we use minitest because there's so little to
learn about the API. But a huge part of the Ruby community favors the
expressiveness of RSpec.

* [Read about RSpec here]()
* Pick three of the creature tests and implement RSpec tests for each
* For each creature, add at least three additional tests / pieces of functionality
* Coordinate with your peers via the chat room to submit pull requests adding
the RSpec tests to the repository

##### The Dreaded `if` Statement

Can you complete implementations of each of the creatures without using `if`
statements? Think about how removing them affects your code. Remember that
a `case` is just a different form of `if`, so don't use it.

##### Imagine Two Creatures

Can you add two new creatures to the repository? How about a Hydra? Add minitest
tests exercising some of the following concepts:

* Passing data into `initialize`
* Using methods to change the internal state of an instance
* Using methods to query the internal state of an instance
* Functionality that necessitates the internal use of an Array

### Scavenger Hunt (1:00-4:00)

This afternoon Susannah will coordinate the scavenger hunt.

#### Team 1

#### Team 2
