---
title: 140926
layout: outline
---

## All

### Breakfast (8:30-9:00)

Enjoy some breakfast. Make it a point to talk with someone from another cohort.

### Guest Speaker (10:00 - 11:00)

Our guest speaker today is [Robin Ward](https://twitter.com/eviltrout). Robin is the cofounder of Discourse—the largest Rails/Ember on the web today. Robin has been using Ember since pre-1.0 with a Rails backend serving JSON. Discourse's codebase uses ES6 transpilers to make use of new JavaScript features before their even adopted by browsers. [His blog](http://eviltrout.com/) is full of useful Rails and Ember tips and tricks.

### Lightning Talks (11:00 - 12:00)

* Rolando Navarrete - Bitcoin (Technology & Society)
* Emily Davis - Topic: Agile without Discipline is Chaos (General Software Methodologies / Techniques)
* Glen Egbert - Go (Programming Languages)
* Robert Gu - Fun With jQuery (JavaScript Architecture / Libraries)
* Marc Garreau - Intro to EventMachine (Ruby Architecture / Libraries)
* Cara Dennis  - Heartbleed (DevOps)
* Jonmichael Chambers - Ngrok (Software Testing)

### One on Ones (1:00 - 3:15)

#### With Steve

* 1:00 - Tan Doan
* 1:15 - Andy Mention
* 1:30 - Jim Sutton
* 1:45 - Eric Fransen
* 2:00 - Ian Anderson
* 2:15 - Victoria Harrod
* 2:30 - Will Faurot
* 2:45 - Sara Simon
* 3:00 - David Bayendor

#### With Rachel

* 1:00 - Alan Smith
* 1:15 - Andrew Watkins
* 1:30 - Aaron Wortham
* 1:45 - Emily Davis
* 2:00 - Tim Proctor
* 2:15 - Rolando Navarrete
* 2:30 - Tim Mee
* 2:45 - Daniel Glunz
* 3:00 - Zach Routhier

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Robert Gu
* 1:15 - Luke Aiken
* 1:30 - Hilary Denton
* 1:45 - Horacio Chavez
* 2:00 - Jonmichael Chambers
* 2:15 - Sam Kuhlmann
* 2:30 - Greg Narajka
* 2:45 - Adam Smith
* 3:00 - Alex Jensen

#### With Jorge

* 1:00 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 1:15 - Cara Dennis
* 1:30 - Glen Egbert
* 1:45 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 2:00 - Chandra Carney
* 2:15 - Christopher Bynum
* 2:30 - Konr Larson
* 2:45 - Chase van Hekken
* 3:00 - Travis Yoder

#### With Jeff

* 1:00 - Allison Larson
* 1:15 - Chad Brading
* 2:00 - Marc Garreau
* 2:15 - Herbert Joseph
* 2:30 - Kate Lane
* 2:45 - Corey Davis
* 3:00 - Kalah Cheek

### Survey (3:30 - 4:00)

We value your feedback. Please take 30 minutes to tell us about your experience this week.

* [1406](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1RCX_eNqiehXu0ISfcg4gcizQVPQUszP718zYTuBtlIY/viewform)
* [1407](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/13RSOI65vA8FW-Nxa8Gqer8pLstb2FrNLRMkwNkfjv7g/viewform)
* [1409](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1bcMFSJScqA2DuyrPbTgGVLVUvgETBob9RNC6i4UIaqE/viewform)

### Wrap up (4:00-4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

## 1406

### Group Retrospective (9:00 - 9:30)

Reflect on your week with Jorge in Classroom A (Blake Street).

### Individual Retrospective (9:30 - 10:00)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* You shipped your second major Rails projects this week. What were some of the skills you acquired while working on _The Pivot_? Where will you focus your efforts in the second half of this module?
* You worked with 1409 on Mastermind yesterday. How did it feel to mentor other students? How do you feel you've grown in the last 14 weeks? How do you feel you'll grow in the next 10?

## 1407

### Individual Retrospective (9:00 - 9:30)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* You worked hard on Blogger & ContactManager over the past week. Did you do them "well"? How do you know? What things do you feel strong in, and which feel weak?
* You completed your first Rails project this week. What was your first experience with Rails like?
* What excites you about Rails? What are you intimidated by? How do you feel Rails differs from Sinatra?

### Group Retrospective (9:30 - 10:00)

Reflect on your week with Rachel in Classroom A (Blake Street).

## 1409

### Group Retrospective (9:00 - 9:30)

Reflect on your week with Steve in Classroom B (Market Street).

### Individual Retrospective (9:30 - 10:00)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* How do you feel about the Mastermind project? Do you think you learned a lot? Was there anything particularly challenging? Which parts did you dislike?
* You're going to start your next project—Event Reporter—tomorrow. What did you learn from Mastermind that you'd like to take with you into Event Reporter?
* You had the opportunity to work with 1406 this week. What was it like to work with a fellow student only 14 weeks ahead of you? Was it beneficial? Why or why not?
