---
title: 140907
layout: outline
---

## All

Welcome back! We hope you enjoyed intermission week. Welcome 1409!

We'll do name tags for the week. Please grab one by the front door and include
both your first name and your cohort number.

## 1406

### Understanding Multitenancy (9:00-11:30)

Join Jeff in classroom A to learn about [Multi-tenancy in Rails](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/understanding_multitenancy.markdown).

During the independent work section, please work in the following pairs:

* Alan Smith & Robert Gu
* Jonmichael Chambers & Tan Doan
* Emily Davis & Hilary Denton
* Chad Brading & Corey Davis
* Allison Larson & Marc Garreau
* Gustavo Villagrana & Andrew Watkins
* Eric Fransen & Horacio Chavez
* Tim Proctor & Andy Mention & Will Faurot

### Project Kickoff (11:30-12:00)

Then we'll kickoff your next project, [The Pivot](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/the_pivot.html)

This project will be completed in teams of four and five with a final due date of
Thursday, September 25. You'll work in the following groups:

* Andy Mention & Tim Proctor & Hilary Denton & Andrew Watkins, building Keevahh upon [this code](https://github.com/MarcGarreau/grubhub_v2)
* Horacio Chavez & Alan Smith & Corey Davis & Robert Gu, building EmployMe upon [this code](https://github.com/H6C5/dinner_dash)
* Tan Doan & Allison Larson & Chad Brading & Jonmichael Chambers, building Airlift upon [this code](https://github.com/BobGu/dinner_dash)
* Will Faurot & Marc Garreau & Eric Fransen & Gustavo Villagrana & Emily Davis, building TravelHome upon [this code](https://github.com/ericfransen/dinner_dash)

### Kickoff Meetings

Each team will meet with Jeff in the 1510 workspace:

* Keevahh at 12:30
* EmployMe at 1:00
* Airlift at 1:30
* TravelHome at 2:00

### Setting Support Expectations (2:30-3:00)

We want to improve the way we support your learning. Join Rachel in classroom A
to talk about setting new expectations when asking for help.

### [Posse Time (3:00-4:00)][posse]

Meet with your newly realigned posse back at 1510.

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff on classroom A to wrapup today.

### Lightning Talks (4:15-4:45)

The following students join Jorge in classroom A to talk about your theme and topic.

* Horacio Chavez
* Tim Proctor
* Tan Doan
* Will Faurot
* Andy Mention

Please pick your theme in advance. There is only one speaker per theme.

You should [review the lightning talks instructions here](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks) and come with two or
three ideas you'd like to pursue.

## 1407

### HTML & CSS Recap (9:00-12:00)

Join Steve in the workspace for a HTML & CSS workshop. This recap builds on your intermission week reading. You'll be using [this repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/turing-bistro).

### WebGuesser (1:00-2:15)

Join Rachel in classroom A to work on your first Sinatra app, [WebGuesser](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/web_guesser.html).

### IdeaBox Kickoff (2:15-2:30)

Then Rachel will help you kick off the IdeaBox project:

[http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html)

This is an individual project that's due this Thursday 7/11 at 1pm. It starts
with a guided tutorial, then you'll build a handful of extensions on your own.

Thursday afternoon we'll have a "showcase" with the other cohorts for you to show
off the best and most interesting parts of your work.

### Setting Support Expectations (2:30-3:00)

We want to improve the way we support your learning. Join Rachel in classroom A to talk about setting new expectations when asking for support.

### [Posse Time (3:00-4:00)][posse]

Meet with your newly realigned posse back at 1510.

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff on classroom A to wrapup today.

### Lightning Talks (4:15-4:45)

The following students join Jorge in classroom A to talk about your theme and topic.

* Sara Simon
* Ian Andersen
* Jim Sutton

You should [review the lightning talks instructions here](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks) and come with two or
three ideas you'd like to pursue.

## 1409

### Classroom Building (9:00-11:30)

This morning you'll continue the tradition of building out your own space, an idea
borrowed from Amazon. Rachel and Jorge will take you and a pile of tools over to
1624.

### How to Learn at Turing (11:30-12:00)

Our program is a collaborative project-based learning environment. Join Rachel in classroom B to get some advice on how to get the most out of the program.

### Laptop & Environment Setup (1:00-2:00)

Every developer needs to setup their own development environment. Please join Josh in classroom B and follow [this tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html) to configure your laptop. Don't worry about PostgreSQL yet.

### Intro to OS X, Terminal & Editor (2:00-3:00)

If you were a PC user in your previous life, Mac OS X can be unfamiliar. Join Josh in classroom B to get a quick overview on how to user your terminal, text editor and OS X.

### [Posse Time (3:00-4:00)][posse]

Meet with your new posse back at 1510.

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff on classroom A to wrapup today.

## Posse Meetup Time

Today, you'll meet in your new posses. Every posse will have a least one new member in it. So, you'll have to update some things and reintroduce yourselves.

### Introduce yourself to your posse by answering the following questions

* Name and cohort?
* Where are you from originally?
* What brought you to Turing?
* What excites you most about the next six weeks at Turing?
* What do you think you dream job would be after graduating from Turing?
* What non-programming experience in your life do you think has best prepared you for being a developer?

### Take care of administrative affairs

* Create/share a Google Calendar for your posse. You can use this calendar to request pairing sessions, set posse meetups, etc.
* Invite all posse members (students and mentors) to the calendar.
* Create and share a Google Doc to store contact info for your posse: name, email, Twitter, Github, phone, blog…
* Join the Slack channel for your posse

### Find some common ground

* Your posse is named after a well known computer scientist. Who is this person and why are their contributions significant?
* What is a core value of your posse? Some examples: grit, perseverance. Why is this value important to being a developer?

### Gather some intelligence

* Use Google, Github, Twitter, etc. to research your posse mentors.

### Pass down some wisdom

* What should 1409 know about life at Turing? (e.g. time management, the extra set of bathrooms on the first floor)
* What should 1407 know about module two?

[posse]: #posse-meetup-time
