---
title: 141230
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

It's cold outside! Time to warm up. Can you solve [this problem from Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/problem=10)?

## 1407

### FeedEngine Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Horace is on hand for questions and code review.

### Key-Based Caching (1:00 - 2:30)

Haven't had enough caching? Meet back up with Steve in Classroom A to talk about [digest-based caching](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/digest_based_caching.html).

### Improving Query Performance (2:30 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace to improve your query performance with [counter caches, serializing data, and fetching less of it](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/queries.html) in Classroom A.

## 1409

### Pivot Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Horace is on hand for questions and code review.

### Auditing and Improving Rails Security (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet up with Horace in Classroom B.

We'll be working through a pair exercise to exploit vulnerabilities and improve one another's code. We'll use these pairs for the exercise:

* Alex & Greg
* David & Tim
* Sam & Chandra
* Chase & Zach
* Danny & Adam
* Viki & Kate & Travis

### Revisiting ActiveRecord Relationships (2:30 - 4:00)

Stick around in Classroom B as Steve drops by talk about some of the finer points of ActiveRecord Relationships.

## 1410

### TrafficSpy Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel is on hand for questions.

### HTTP Basic Authentication & Testing (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace to talk about [HTTP basic authentication in Sinatra](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/http_auth.markdown).

### TrafficSpy Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Josh is waiting in the wings to answer your questions.

## 1412

### How Pairing Works (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom C to talk about pair programming.

After we talk about pairs, we'll work in pairs:

* Jack Yeh & Paul Grever
* Austin Wood & Stanley Siudzinski
* Markus Olsen & Teresa Finn
* David E Maurer & Kyle Henson
* Juan Manuel Navarro & DJ Greenfield
* Lori Culberson & Trey Tomlinson
* Andrew Overby & Kyra Weber
* Miriam Moser & Thomas Randell
* Jeffrey Gu & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Fred Block & Edward McCarthy

### Code Retreat: Part One (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick around in the Classroom C as Steve kicks off your first [code retreat](http://www.tablexi.com/blog/2013/05/what-is-a-code-retreat-anyway-and-how-to-persuade-the-big-cheese-to-sponsor-one/developers/).

### Code Retreat: Part Two (1:00 - 3:00)

Finish off your code retreat with Rachel in Classroom C.

### Retreat Reflection and Open Q&A (3:00 - 4:00)

Let's reflect on our code retreat with Rachel in Classroom C.
