---
title: 140925
layout: outline
---

## All

There'll be no warmup today since you're delivering projects.

### Wrap up (4:00-4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:05-4:55)

Today you'll join Jorge in Classroom A to go through dry runs of your lightning (not *lightening*) talk.

## 1406

### Project Evaluation (9:00 - 12:00)

You'll meet with Jeff this morning to review _The Pivot_. Evaluations are scheduled as follows:

* 9:00 - TravelHome
* 9:45 - Airlift
* 10:30 - EmployMe
* 11:15 - Keevahh

### Recap and Refactor (1:00 - 3:00)

This afternoon, you'll be refactoring _Mastermind_ with 1409. Pairings can be found at the bottom of the outline.

### Demo Preparation (3:00 - 4:00)

Take some time to prepare for your presentations this evening.

## 1407

### Contact Manager Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

You'll have some time this morning to continue working on iterations and extensions to _Contact Manager_. Josh will be around for your questions.

### Contact Manager Review and Refactor (1:00 - 4:00)

Head over to Classroom B and meet up with Josh to recap and refactor _Contact Manager_.

## 1409

### Mastermind Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

You'll have some time this morning to work on Mastermind over in Classroom B on Market Street. Steve will be there to answer any and all questions—**ten minutes at a time**.

### Mastermind Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

Individually, you'll meet with Rachel, Jeff, or Steve for your project evaluations. When you're not in an evaluation, you'll be pairing with a 1406er to review and refactor your code. (Pairings are below the evaluation schedule.)

#### With Rachel

* Alex Jensen - 1:00
* Herbert Joseph - 1:30
* Sam Kuhlmann - 2:00
* Gregory Narajka - 2:30
* Kate Lane - 3:00
* Timothy Mee - 3:30

#### With Jeff

* Konr Josef Laron - 1:00
* Zachary Routhier - 1:30
* David Bayendor - 2:00
* Adam Smith - 2:30
* Christopher Bynum - 3:00

#### With Steve

* Chase van Hekken - 1:00
* Victoria Harrod - 1:30
* Kalah Cheek - 2:00
* Travis Yoder - 2:30
* Danny Glunz - 3:00
* Chandra Carney - 3:30

#### Pairings (1:00 - 3:00)

* Alex Jensen and Jonmichael Chambers
* Herbert Joseph and Chad Brading
* Sam Kuhlmann and Tim Proctor
* Gregory Narajka and Allison Larson
* Kate Lane and Emily Davis
* Timothy Mee and Horacio Chavez
* Konr Laron and Will Faurot
* Zachary Routhier and Robert Gu
* David Bayendor and Hilary Denton
* Adam Smith and Gustavo Villagrana
* Christopher Bynum and Andy Mention
* Chase van Hekken and Alan Smith
* Victoria Harrod and Marc Garreau
* Kalah Cheek and Tan Doan
* Travis Yoder and Eric Fransen
* Danny Glunz and Corey Davis
* Chandra Carney and Andrew Watkins
