---
title: 141006
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30-9:00)

For warmup today, please work on completing your own Exercism exercise.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

Meet with your posse and work on the following:

* 3:00 - 3:10 Share a project or assignment that you're working on.
* 3:10 - 3:20 Update your mentors through email or a blog post
* 3:20 - 4:00 1406 and 1407 are one week into their final projects for the module. 1409 met SalesEngine today.
  * 1406: Over the last week, you've had a chance to refine your ideas for your project. What are you working on now?
  * 1407: What are some challenges you're facing in Dinner Dash? 1406: Do you have any advice or suggestions?
  * 1409: You've spent the afternoon planning your approach to SaleEngine. Share your approach. 1406 and 1407: Do you have any advice or suggestions?

### Wrap up (4:00-4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:05-4:35)

This weeks lighting talkers are the following:

* Tan Doan
* Will Faurot
* Andy Mention
* Horacio Chávez
* Tim Proctor

Instructions for lightning talks can be found [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks). Your topic must fall under one of the themes specified in the README. There is only one theme per person.

## 1406

### JSON Fundamentals (9:00 - 10:15)

Join Steve in Classroom B to talk JSON.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/json_fundementals.markdown)

### Serving JSON from Rails (10:15 - 12:00)

Stay with Steve and put our new JSON knowledge into practice.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/serving_json_from_rails.markdown)
* [Exposing an API](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/web_services/api.html)
* [Github Repository Follow-Along: Serialization](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/blogger_advanced/tree/serialization)
* [Github Repository Follow-Along: Jbuilder](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/blogger_advanced/tree/jbuilder)

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Tan Doan and Marc Garreau
* Will Faurot and Andy Mention
* Gustavo Villagrana and Allison Larson
* Corey Davis and Emily Davis
* Jonmichael Chambers and Hilary Denton
* Alan Smith and Tim Proctor
* Andrew Watkins and Eric Fransen
* Chad Brading, Robert Gu, and Horacio Chavez

### Building an API (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Jorge in Classroom B to build an API for an old friend.

## 1407

### Dinner Dash Cross-Team Pairing (9:00 - 12:00)

Gather in the Blake Street Workspace to take a cross-team pair on your Dinner Dash projects.

You'll work in the following pairs (and a triplet):

* Luke and Aaron
* Jessica and Rolando
* Glen and Ian
* Sara, Kavita, and Jim

### Cart and Order Lifecycles (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to explore ideas of cookies, sessions, carts, and orders.
[Find the plan for this session here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/storing_state_with_cookies_and_sessions.markdown).

## 1409

### Minitest Tips and Techniques (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to discuss the ins and outs of [testing with Minitest](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/minitest_techniques.html).

### SalesEngine Kickoff (1:00 - 1:30)

It's time to kick off your final project for the first module—the one and only [SalesEngine](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html)!

From 1:00 - 1:20, work with your pair (listed below) to thoroughly read through the the Sales Engine overview, extentions, and rubric. Jot down any questions your pair has about the project. 

At 1:20, gather together in the Blake workspace to discuss Sales Engine planning and design. 

For SalesEngine, you'll work in the following pairs (and a triplet):

* Chandra Carney & Gregory Narajka
* Chase van Hekken & Christopher Bynum
* Travis Yoder & David Bayendor
* Sam Kuhlmann & Zachary Routhier
* Kate Lane & Timothy Mee
* Kalah Cheek & Konr Josef Larson
* Danny Glunz & Victoria Harrod
* Adam Smith & Alex Jensen & Herbert Joseph

