---
title: 141105
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

**In your posses, solve [this problem from Project Euler][pe]:**

*n*! means *n* × (*n* − 1) × ... × 3 × 2 × 1

For example, 10! = 10 × 9 × ... × 3 × 2 × 1 = 3628800,
and the sum of the digits in the number 10! is 3 + 6 + 2 + 8 + 8 + 0 + 0 = 27.

Find the sum of the digits in the number 100!

(This is actually one of those cases where a functional language like Clojure or JavaScript can be useful. See if you can solve it in a functional language.)

[pe]: https://projecteuler.net/problem=20

## 1406

### Pub/Sub on the Back End (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A to talk about pub/sub on the back end. (We'll cover the front end next week.)

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Emily Davis and Jonmichael Chambers
* Allison Larson and Andy Mention
* Horacio Chavez and Hilary Denton
* Eric Fransen and Will Faurot
* Robert Gu and Tim Proctor
* Alan Smith and Andrew Watkins
* Marc Garreau and Chad Brading
* Tan Doan and Gustavo Villagrana and Corey Davis

### Feed Engine Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Mejia is on hand to help you feed the engines.

## 1407

### Getting Started with Workers (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn to schedule computation or processes for later use with Jorge in Classroom B.

### Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Mejia is on hand for questions.

## 1409

### Clone Wars Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Horace is waiting with baited breath to answer all of your Clone Wars questions.

### Clone Wars Work Time (12:00 - 4:00)

The final push. Josh Cheek is available for questions all afternoon.

## 1410

### Algorithmic Thinking (9:00 - 10:30ish)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to learn to think about algorithms algorithmically.

### Introduction to CSVs (10:30ish - 11:15ish)

Stick around in Classroom C with Rachel to talk about comma-separated values. The lesson outline is [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro-to-csv.markdown).

### Intro to Phone Book CSV Tutorial (11:15ish - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C to learn about the Phone Book tutorial you'll be completing this afternoon. 

### Phone Book with CSVs (1:00 - 4:00)

Use the Classroom A workspace to complete the [phone book CSV tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/phonebook-csv-tdd/phone_book_i.html) in pairs. Horace will be available for questions. 

* Scott Crawford and Christopher Luhring
* Lori Culberson and Rich Shea
* Edward McCarthy and Bhargavi Satpathy
* Krista A Nelson and Brandon Mrsny
* Juan Manuel Navarro and Laura Whalin
* Emily Berkeley and Nathan Owsiany
* Andrew Overby and Jeffrey Wan
* Dustin Gault and Kit Pearson
* Orion Osborn and Lydia Shafer
* Kalah Cheek and Bryce Holcomb
* Alexandra Robinson and Michael Dao
