---
title: 140213
layout: outline
---

## Warmup

This morning for warmup we'll work through the logic problem you completed on Tuesday. The PDF is here: https://www.dropbox.com/s/mwwl4m5842wnpmr/lsat_68_4_3.pdf

## Internal Demos

This morning we'd like to do internal demos, diving deeper than the public demos this afternoon.

### Prep 9:00-10:00

We'd like you to spend about 15 minutes showing off your work. Please spend this prep time making a **detailed plan** including some of the questions below. Focus on what'll be interesting and valuable to your classmates.

#### Interface

* What does it do?
* Does it deliver on the value proposition?
* What features did you complete and what had to get scrapped?
* How did you design the workflow / UX? Were you able to implement your designs?
* If this were a real product, where do you see it going next?

#### Code

* What segments were particularly difficult?
* How did you decide to pull out services?
* Did you have any particular areas of emphasis (speed, test coverage, etc)?
* Did you practice any new techniques?
* Did you make mistakes? Were you able to correct them?

### Demos 10:00-12:00

* 10:05 - Playdater: Ben H, Antony, Adam, Jonah
* 10:25 - Planting Season: Ben L, Nathaniel, Tyler, Luke
* 10:45 - Menu Mama: Meeka, Rolen, Will, Billy
* 11:05 - Project X: George, Bryana, Nikhil, Brian
* 11:25 - Standnote: Katrina, Persa, Lauren, Simon

## Finishing Touches 01:00 PM to 04:00 PM

This afternoon is up to you.

## Pairing w/Kytrinyx

* 13:00-14:00 Louisa
* 14:00-15:00 Bryana
* 15:00-16:00 Will

## Demos

### Room Prep @ 4:30

Let's plan on starting the room setup at 4:30. If the room is busy we'll push back to 5:00.

### Outline

Here's the info and presentation order:

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/events/gschool-1/services.html