---
title: 141028
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

**Meet up in your posses to solve the following puzzle.**

There are 5 houses in 5 different colors. In each house lives a person of a different nationality. The 5 owners drink a certain type of beverage, smoke a certain brand of cigar, and keep a certain pet. Using the clues below can you determine who owns the fish?

* The Brit lives in a red house.
* The Swede keeps dogs as pets.
* The Dane drinks tea.
* The green house is on the immediate left of the white house.
* The green house owner drinks coffee.
* The person who smokes Pall Mall rears birds.
* The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill.
* The man living in the house right in the middle drinks milk.
* The Norwegian lives in the first house.
* The man who smokes Blend lives next door to the one who keeps cats.
* The man who keeps horses lives next door to the man who smokes Dunhill.
* The owner who smokes Blue Master drinks chocolate.
* The German smokes Prince.
* The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
* The man who smokes Blend has a neighbor who drinks water.

### Lightning Talks (4:05 - 4:15)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A. Bring your outlines.

If you haven't already, make sure to submit a pull request with your theme and topic to the lightning talk [repository](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks). The valid themes are listed in the README.

## 1406

### FeedEngine Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Steve is available for questions.

### Cron & Rails Runner (1:00-2:00)

Come to Classroom A as Josh Mejia teaches you about `cron` and Rails Runner.

[Reference materials](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/cron_and_rails_runner.markdown)

### Workers at Scale (2:00 - 4:00)

Then stay in Classroom A to talk about workers at scale with Jeff.

## 1407

### Pivot Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning, you'll have some time to work on The Pivot.

Steve is available for questions.

### Fundamental Rails Security (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Steve in Classroom B to talk about [securing (and breaking into) Rails applications][sec].

[sec]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/fundamental_security.html

## 1409

### How to the Web Works (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in classroom B to talk about how the web works.

You should take notes as this is a critically important discussion for the rest
of your *career* building web application. Ideas and terms to pick out and know
include:

* HTTP, request, response, headers, body
* Server, DNS, IP, Port
* Front-end/web server, application server
* State, statelessness, cookies
* HTTPS, SSL, cryptography, man-in-the-middle

### How Sinatra Works (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom B as Horace drops by to explain how Sinatra works.

### IdeaBox Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You'll have some time to work on your IdeaBox project. Rachel will be available for questions after 1:30.

## 1410

### Ruby in 100 (er, 180) Minutes (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to learn about fundamental Ruby syntax.

You can access the tutorial [here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/ruby_in_100_minutes.html).

### How to Pair (1:00 - 1:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C to talking about the what, the why, and the how of pair programming.

### Introduction to Test-Driven Development (1:30 - 4:00)

Stick around in Classroom C as Josh introduces you to TDD (test-driven development),
with the [Intro to TDD workshop](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/testing/intro-to-tdd.html).

Your pairs will be:

* Rich Shea & Laura Whalin
* Jeffrey Wan & Bryce Holcomb
* Lori Culberson & Nathan Owsiany
* Emily Berkeley & Edward McCarthy
* Michael Dao & Kalah Cheek
* Orion Osborn & Bhargavi Satpathy
* Krista A Nelson & Brandon Mrsny
* Scott Crawford & Christopher Pearson
* Kit Pearson & Chris Luhring
* Andrew Overby & Juan Manuel Navarro
* Dustin Gault & Lydia Shafer & Alexandra Robinson
