---
title: 140813
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Let's skip warmup today.

### Lightning Talks (1:00-1:30)

After lunch let's gather in the classroom space for lightning talks.

## 1406

Today's primarily a work day. When you're not doing check-ins, push forward
on your project.

Some things to consider:

* Where did you think you'd be at this point? Are you there?
* How's the team working together? You still have a long time together. Today
would be a good opportunity to have a meeting about how the team is functioning.
* What were your learning goals coming into the project? Are you realizing them?
* Did you draw wireframes? Make other plans? Are you still following them, or
did you make conscious decisions to move away from them?

### Dinner Dash Check-Ins & Pairing

We're able to do some long sessions today. The purposes of the session are:

* for the instructor to get a sense of where you are
* to help you over any specific technical hurdles
* to review the quality of your work/code
* to help you push forward (through pairing, etc)

Sessions should last about 85 minutes, but the whole group doesn't need to
be together the whole time.

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Emily Davis, Tim Proctor, Gustavo Villagrana, Robert Gu
* 10:30 - Horacio Chávez, Corey Davis, Tan Doan, Hilary Denton

#### With Jorge

* 9:00 - Andrew Watkins, Jonmichael Chambers, Marc Garreau, Chad Brading
* 10:30 - Allison Larson, Andy Mention, Alan Smith, Will Faurot, Eric Fransen

## 1407

### EventReporter Peer Evaluations

When you are not doing an *instructor assessment*, please...

* get together with the pair listed below
* complete a peer review and send a pull request to turingschool/submissions
* refactor/improve their code and submit *at least one pull request* to the project

#### Pairings

* review the project by Jessica & Rolando
* review the project by Aaron & Cara
* review the project by Sara & Jim
* review the project by Glen & Luke
* review the project by Ian & Kavita

### EventReporter Instructor Evaluations

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Glen Egbert & Luke Aiken
* 10:00 - Jessica Goulding & Rolando Navarette

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Ian Andersen & Kavita Sachdeva
* 10:00 - Aaron Paul Wortham & Cara Dennis
* 11:00 - Sara Simon & Jim Sutton
