---
title: 141218
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

This morning for warmup let's try a little code challenge in our posses:

**Can you write a program that "sings" the classic "100 Bottles of Beer on the Wall"?**

For 1412ers, please start from scratch.

Some things to think about:

* "One bottles" is incorrect.
* Can you actually [make it sing](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/say.1.html)?

## 1407

### FeedEngine: Client Meetings and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning, you'll be meeting with Steve to discuss your projects.

* 9:00: Sara Simon & Aaron Paul Wortham & Jim Sutton & Ian Andersen
* 9:45: Kavita Sachdeva & Glen Egbert & Rolando Navarrete & Luke Aiken

Horace is on hand for questions and code review.

Steve is on hand for questions and code review from 10:30 to 12:00.

### FeedEngine: Work Time and Code Review (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve is available for questions.

Horace is available for code review. Shoot him a message on Slack if you'd like to schedule a 45 minute session. Please come with a specific piece of your project you'd like to look at together.

## 1409

### The Pivot: Client Meetings and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning, you'll be meeting with Jorge to discuss your projects.

* 9:00: Timothy Mee & Konr Josef Larson & Zachary Routhier
* 9:45: Travis Yoder & Chase van Hekken & Kate Lane & David Bayendor
* 10:30: Herbert Joseph & Gregory Narajka & Chandra Carney & Adam Smith
* 11:15: Sam Kuhlmann & Victoria Harrod & Alex Jensen & Danny Glunz

Horace is on hand for questions and code review.

Steve is on hand for questions and code review from 10:30 to 12:00.

### The Pivot: Work Time and Code Review (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace is available for code review. Shoot him a message on Slack if you'd like to schedule a 45 minute session. Please come with a specific piece of your project you'd like to look at together.

## 1410

### View Templating (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh in Classroom B to discuss templating in Sinatra with ERB.

### IdeaBox Work Time (10:30 - 12:00, 1:00 - 2:00)

Box some ideas. Josh is on hand for questions.

### IdeaBox Recap and Refactor (2:00 - 4:00)

Jeff and Josh will each lead Recap & Refactor sessions with your ideabox projects.
Each session will run an hour in groups of eight and you'll swap at 3:00.

Starting with Josh in Classroom B: Brandon Mrsny, Lydia Shafer, Orion Osborn, Kit Pearson, Krista A Nelson, Nathan Owsiany, Michael Dao, Rich Shea

Starting with Jeff in Classroom A: Chris Luhring, Alexandra Robinson, Bhargavi Satpathy, Scott Crawford, Jeffrey Wan, Laura Whalin, Emily Berkeley, Bryce Holcomb

## 1412

### Practicing Classes, Instances, Methods, and Tests (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Jeff in Classroom A to recap your homework and revisit ideas from yesterday.

### Using Source Control with Git and Github (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom A to discuss using source control. Find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_git.markdown).

### Mythical Creatures Workshop (1:00 - 3:00)

Rachel will kick off the Mythical Creatures workshop in Classroom C. Find the repository [here](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises.git).

### Mythical Creates Questions and Explorations (3:00 - 4:00)

Meet back up with Rachel in Classroom C. She'll be answering your questions and exploring concepts.

### Homework

Say what? I can't understand you! Perhaps [your message is encrypted](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/cryptographer.markdown).

Get it ready for tomorrow. Now that you're masters of Git we can stop with the Etherpad
documents and [add your Gist URL to this submissions file](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1412/challenges/cryptographer.markdown).
