---
title: 140731
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

This morning we'll start off together by walking through a solution to the
sorted-list merge problem from tomorrow.

### Showcase (3:30-4:00)

At the end of the day we'll *all* gather in the classroom space to showcase the
Clonewars projects that 1406 delivered today.

Each demo should be less than five minutes:

* Spend about 1 minute showing off the site as a user would see it
* Spend 2 minutes show your login process, editing/adding content, then
seeing it appear from the user side
* Spend 1 minute showing off any extra/special features you added

#### Presentation Order

* Chad Brading, Gustavo Villagrana, Hilary Denton
* Corey Davis, Marc Garreau, Robert Gu
* Andrew Watkins, Allison Larson, Horacio Chavez
* Tim Proctor, Tan Doan, Will Faurot
* Andy Mention, Emily Davis
* Jonmichael Chambers, Eric Fransen, Alan Smith

## 1406

### CloneWars Peer Review & Refactoring (9:00-12:00)

When you are not doing an instructor assessment, please...

* get together with the pair listed below
* complete a peer review and send a pull request to turingschool/submissions
* refactor/improve their code and submit at least one pull request to the project

#### Pairings

* Chad & Jonmichael review the project by Corey/Marc/Robert
* Gustavo & Eric review the project by Andy/Emily
* Hilary & Alan review the project by Watts/Allison/Horacio
* Corey & Watts review the project by Tim/Tan/Will
* Marc & Allison review the project by Chad/Gustavo/Hilary
* Robert & Horacio review the project by Andy/Emily
* Andy & Tim review the project by Jonmichael/Eric/Alan
* Emily, Tan, and Will review the project by Watts/Allison/Horacio

### CloneWars Instructor Evaluations

#### With Jorge

* 9:15 - Chad Brading, Gustavo Villagrana, Hilary Denton
* 10:00 - Corey Davis, Marc Garreau, Robert Gu
* 10:45 - Andy Mention, Emily Davis

#### With Jeff

* 9:15 - Jonmichael Chambers, Eric Fransen, Alan Smith
* 10:00 - Andrew Watkins, Allison Larson, Horacio Chavez
* 10:45 - Tim Proctor, Tan Doan, Will Faurot

### CloneWars Recap & Refactor

* Jorge will run a session about XYZ
* Josh will run a session about XYZ

#### Group 1

Group 1 will be with Jorge 1:00-2:00 and Josh 2:00-3:00.

Members include Chad Brading, Gustavo Villagrana, Hilary Denton, Corey Davis, Marc Garreau, Emily Davis, Robert Gu, Jonmichael Chambers, and Eric Fransen.

#### Group 2

Group 2 will be with Josh 1:00-2:00 and Jorge 2:00-3:00.

Members include Alan Smith, Andrew Watkins, Allison Larson, Horacio Chavez, Tim Proctor, Tan Doan, Will Faurot, Andy Mention.

## 1407

### Thinking in Algorithms

First up this morning you'll work with Rachel in the classroom space.

### Ruby's Object Model

Next up you'll work with Josh to begin exploring Ruby's Object Model.

This will cover:

1. Classes and Instances
2. Bindings
3. Variables
4. Method lookup / invocation

The material is located [here](https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/9d99becad60d5d2a57b8).

### Encapsulation & Decomposition

This afternoon Jeff will discuss the ideas of encapsulation and decomposition.

#### Key Ideas / Questions

* "Churn" and "Why does code change?"
* Responsibilities
* [Object-oriented programming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object_oriented) and message passing
* [Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle)
* [Interface](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interface_(computing)) or API

#### Example

As a discussion point, we'll talk about [the Battleship project](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/battleship.html).
Please find a few minutes to read the project description.

### Number Systems

Then last for the day we'll discuss [Number Systems](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/number_systems.html)
(binary, octal, and hexadecimal).
