---
title: 141029
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

**Solve the following puzzle in your posse.**

1. The first question with B as the correct answer is:
  * A. 1
  * B. 4
  * C. 3
  * D. 2
2. The answer to Question 4 is:
  * A. D
  * B. A
  * C. B
  * D. C
3. The answer to Question 1 is:
  * A. D
  * B. C
  * C. B
  * D. A
4. The number of questions which have D as the correct answer is:
  * A. 3
  * B. 2
  * C. 1
  * D. 0
5. The number of questions which have B as the correct answer is:
  * A. 0
  * B. 2
  * C. 3
  * D. 1

## 1406

### Personas for UX (9:00 - 10:00)

Jorge is back and he is talking about personas in Classroom B.

### Wireframing for UX (10:00 - 11:00)

After addressing his persona issues, stick with Jorge as he talks about wireframing in Classroom B.

### Generating Sample Data (11:00 - 12:00)

Horace taps in for Jorge to talk about generating sample data in Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace will be on hand for your questions. He might even have some answers for you.

## 1407

### Agile Stories and Project Planning (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to discuss [Agile & Stories](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/agile_processes_and_stories.markdown)

### Revisiting Git Workflow (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around as Steve comes by to talk about how to create better collaborative workflows with Git and Github.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace will be on hand for all of your pivoting needs.

## 1409

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel will be on hand to help you box your ideas.

### Testing Sinatra Applications (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to get your TDD on with web applications.
[Material is here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/testing_in_sinatra2.markdown).


## 1410

### Mythical Creatures (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C to work on the Mythical Creatures exercises. You are going to see lots of unicorns, minotaurs and the occasional medusa. Find the repository [here](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises).

### Scavenger Hunt (1:00 - 4:00)

Today you'll be doing a Scavenger Hunt. Raissa will provide the instructions.
