---
title: 141027
layout: outline
---

## All

Welcome back! We hope you enjoyed intermission week. Welcome 1410!

We'll do name tags for the week. Please grab one by the front door and include
both your first name and your cohort number.


### Posse Meeting Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Today, you'll meet in your new posses. Every posse will have a least one new member in it. So, you'll have to update some things and reintroduce yourselves.

#### Introduce yourself to your posse by answering the following questions

* Name and cohort?
* Where are you from originally?
* What brought you to Turing?
* What excites you most about the next six weeks at Turing?
* What do you think you dream job would be after graduating from Turing?
* What non-programming experience in your life do you think has best prepared you for being a developer?

#### Take care of administrative affairs

* Create/share a Google Calendar for your posse. You can use this calendar to request pairing sessions, set posse meetups, etc.
* Invite all posse members (students and mentors) to the calendar.
* Create and share a Google Doc to store contact info for your posse: name, email, Twitter, Github, phone, blog…
* Join the Slack channel for your posse

#### Find some common ground

* Your posse is named after a well known computer scientist. Who is this person and why are their contributions significant?
* What is a core value of your posse? Some examples: grit, perseverance. Why is this value important to being a developer?

#### Gather some intelligence

* Use Google, Github, Twitter, etc. to research your posse mentors.

#### Pass down some wisdom

* What should 1410 know about life at Turing? (e.g. time management, the extra set of bathrooms on the first floor and in the new space, the waffle truck)
* What should 1409 know about module two?
* What should 1407 know about module three?
* What are some habits you wish you formed early on? (e.g. technical blogging, warm-ups, reading)

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff on classroom A to wrap up the day.

## 1406

### Consuming APIs (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom B to consume some delicious APIs.

We'll be doing some independent experimentation with some public APIs on the web. Use the following pairs:

* Andy Mention & Chad Brading
* Alan Smith & Hilary Denton
* Corey Davis & Andrew Watkins
* Tim Proctor & Jonmichael Chambers
* Tan Doan & Allison Larson
* Horacio Chavez & Eric Fransen
* Gustavo Villagrana & Robert Gu
* Will Faurot & Marc Garreau & Emily Davis

### Mocking and Doubling APIs (10:30 - 12:00)

Hang around in Classroom B as Josh Cheek mocks some APIs.
[https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/mocking_apis.markdown](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/mocking_apis.markdown)

### FeedEngine Kickoff and Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to receive pertinent information about your next project: FeedEngine.

## 1407

### Understanding Multi-Tenancy (9:00 - 11:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk about [multi-tenancy in Rails](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/understanding_multitenancy.markdown).

During the independent work section, please work in the following pairs:

* Aaron Paul Wortham and Luke Aiken
* Ian Andersen and Rolando Navarrete
* Jim Sutton and Kavita Sachdeva
* Glen Egbert, Sara Simon, and Jessica Goulding

### Project Kickoff: The Pivot (11:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Jeff in Classroom A as he introduces your next project: [The Pivot](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/the_pivot.html).

This project will be completed in teams of three with a final due date of
Thursday, November 13.

You will work in the following groups:

* Jim Sutton, Kavita Sachdeva, and Jessica Goulding working with [this repository](https://github.com/ianderse/dinner_dash)
* Rolando Navarrete, Glen Egbert, and Ian Andersen working with [this repository](https://github.com/glenegbert/dinner-dash)
* Sara Simon, Aaron Paul Worthan, and Luke Aiken working with [this repository](https://github.com/rNavarrete/dinner_dash_frita)

As a group, choose a pivot from the list in the project description.

### The Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Steve is available for questions from 1:00 to 2:00 and from 2:30 to 3:00.

## 1409

### HTML and CSS Review (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve in the workspace for a HTML & CSS workshop. This recap builds on your intermission week reading. You'll be using [this repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/turing-bistro).

You'll also be working in the following pairs:

* David Bayendor and Herbert Joseph
* Konr Josef Larson and Gregory Narajka
* Adam Smith and Zachary Routhier
* Sam Kuhlmann and Victoria Harrod
* Christopher Bynum and Alex Jensen
* Chase van Hekken and Chandra Carney
* Travis Yoder and Timothy Mee
* Kate Lane and Danny Glunz

### Starting WebGuesser (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to work on your first Sinatra app, [WebGuesser](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/web_guesser.html).

### Project Kickoff: IdeaBox (2:00 - 2:30)

Then Steve will help you kick off the [IdeaBox](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html) project in Classroom C.

This is an individual project that's due this Thursday 10/30 at 1pm. It starts
with a guided tutorial, then you'll build a handful of extensions on your own.

### Creating POWE (2:30 - 3:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom C.

## 1410

### Meet the Instructors (8:30 - 9:00)

Gather in Classroom A to meet the instructors.

* Jeff Casimir
* Jorge Téllez
* Josh Cheek
* Rachel Warbelow
* Steve Kinney
* Josh Mejia
* Horace Williams

### Classroom Building (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C for a team-building tradition: assembling Ikea furniture.

### Development Environment Setup (1:00 - 2:00)

Every developer needs to setup their own development environment. Please join Josh in classroom B and follow [this tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html) to configure your laptop.
Don't worry about PostgreSQL yet.

We have [dotfiles (configuration files)](https://github.com/turingschool/bootstrap_new_students)
you can use to get a better environment (colored prompt, convenient shortcuts aliases, etc).

If the terminal is new for you, we have a [terminal introduction](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/terminal_and_editor.html).

### How to Learn at Turing (2:00 - 3:00)

Our program is a collaborative project-based learning environment. Join Rachel in Classroom B to get some advice on how to get the most out of the program.
