---
title: 140915
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

One thing we heard last Friday is that we all need to do a better job with names.
Let's do name tags all this week to help each other out. We'll also work to get
everyone's headshots visible so you can study/check/practice.

### Warmup

This morning please [complete the following logic problem](http://cl.ly/0d1N3B3p0X0W)
using the pairs below:

* Konr Josef Laron & Ian Andersen
* Jim Sutton & Tan Doan
* Jonmichael Chambers & Aaron Paul Wortham
* Jessica Goulding & Kate Lane
* Christopher Bynum & Rolando Navarrete
* Luke Aiken & Hilary Denton
* Chad Brading & Alex Jensen
* David Bayendor & Emily Davis
* Corey Davis & Timothy Mee
* Horacio Chavez & Danny Glunz
* Eric Fransen & Kavita Sachdeva
* Marc Garreau & Zachary Routhier
* Allison Larson & Herbert Joseph
* Tim Proctor & Sara Simon
* Chase van Hekken & Andrew Watkins
* Robert Gu & Glen Egbert
* Alan Smith & Gregory Narajka
* Adam Smith & Will Faurot
* Victoria Harrod & Sam Kuhlmann
* Cara Dennis & Kalah Cheek
* Travis Yoder & Andy Mention
* Chandra Carney & Gustavo Villagrana

How will you find this person if you don't know their face? Try sending them
a direct message on Slack!

### Posse Time (3:00-4:00)

For your posse time this afternoon please...

### Administrative Business (3:00-3:10)

* setup pairing appointments
* send an email from all the students to your mentors about what's going on with
you this week
* complete any other coordination tasks you have pending

### Practice Reading Code (3:10-4:00)

If you have only three students, stick together. If you have four, break into
two pairs.

Then let's practice reading some open source code. Below are a few starter ideas.
You don't need to be familiar with these libraries, you can start by reading the README!

* Easy: [Faker](https://github.com/stympy/faker) - Say you want to add your first
and last name into the pool of names that Faker generates. How would you do that?
* Intermediate: [Sinatra](https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra) - How does the `get` method work? How does it make the HTTP parameters available to you as `params` vs when
using a block parameter with the call to `get`?
* Difficult: [Minitest](https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest) - How does Minitest
find and run all the `test_` methods in a test file?

### Lightning Talks (4:15-4:45)

The following students join Jeff in classroom A to talk about your theme and topic.

You should [review the lightning talks instructions here](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks) and come with two or
three ideas you'd like to pursue.

* _1406_: Chad Brading
* _1406_: Gustavo Villagrana
* _1406_: Hilary Denton
* _1406_: Corey Davis
* _1407_: Luke Aiken
* _1407_: Jessica Goulding
* _1407_: Kavita Sachdeva
* _1407_: Aaron Paul Wortham

## 1406

You'll be working in the Market Street space (Classroom B) all day.

### Revisiting Authorization Strategies (9:00-10:30)

### ActiveRecord Scopes & Queries (10:30-12:00)

### Project Work Time (1:00-3:00)

## 1407

You'll be in Classroom A at Blake Street all day.

### Intro to SQL (9:00-10:30)

This morning we'll start by discussing and working with raw SQL. Find the
[lesson plan here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_sql.markdown)

#### Pairings

* Kavita Sachdeva & Glen Egbert
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Rolando Navarrete
* Luke Aiken & Jim Sutton
* Cara Dennis & Ian Andersen
* Jessica Goulding & Sara Simon

### Intro to Sequel (10:30-12:00)

#### Discussion

* SQL is no fun
* Object-Relational Mappers (ORMs)
* ActiveRecord (99%), DataMapper (1%), Sequel (0%)
* Why use Sequel?

#### Tutorial

Then follow it up with the [Sequel tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/sql/sequel.html) working in
the following pairs:

* Jessica Goulding & Kavita Sachdeva
* Glen Egbert & Jim Sutton
* Luke Aiken & Ian Andersen
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Sara Simon
* Rolando Navarrete & Cara Dennis

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (1:00-3:00)

You probably didn't implement any tests while building IdeaBox, and that's not a
good thing. Today we'll learn how to test web apps using Capybara.

During our session, we'll cover the following topics,

1. What is a feature test
2. How to setup Capybara with Sinatra
3. How to template a feature test
4. The essential Capybara searching features
5. The essential Capybara interaction features
6. How to debug a feature test

## 1409

With both Rachel and Jorge out today, we've pushed your diagnostic assessment
back to Tuesday. Please work in the Blake Street Work Space all day. Josh will
be at the kitchen table to answer your questions.

### Objects & Methods (9:00-12:00)

This morning, please work on the [Objects & Methods
exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises/tree/master/objects-and-methods)
working in the following pairs:

* Kate Lane & Christopher Bynum
* Chase van Hekken & David Bayendor
* Victoria Harrod & Chandra Carney
* Danny Glunz & Herbert Joseph
* Gregory Narajka & Adam Smith
* Travis Yoder & Kalah Cheek
* Sam Kuhlmann & Zachary Routhier
* Timothy Mee & Alex Jensen & Konr Josef Laron

### Command/Query (1:00-3:00)

This afternoon please complete [the Command/Query exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises/tree/master/command-query)
working in the following pairs:

* Kalah Cheek & Danny Glunz
* Victoria Harrod & Adam Smith
* Alex Jensen & Kate Lane
* Herbert Joseph & Travis Yoder
* Zachary Routhier & Chandra Carney
* Timothy Mee & Chase van Hekken
* Konr Josef Laron & Christopher Bynum
* David Bayendor & Sam Kuhlmann & Gregory Narajka
