---
title: 141218
layout: outline
---

## All

### Study Groups (9:00 - 11:00)

* Luke is running a study group on Angular.js.
* Jeff Wan is running an _Eloquent JavaScript_ reading group.
* Travis and David are running a session on setting up a development environment.
* Bryce and Orion are running a Hackathon planning and brainstorming meeting.
* Zach is running a study session on concurrency.
* Will (yes, Will) is running a session on building a Etch-a-Sketch in JavaScript.

### One-on-Ones (9:00 - 11:00)

We're going to adjust one-on-ones to every other week. We'll be doing them every week (and for a little longer), but you'll meet with a faculty member every other week.

#### With Steve

* 9:00:  Glen Egbert
* 9:20:  Ian Andersen
* 9:40:  Kavita Sachdeva
* 10:00: Jim Sutton
* 10:20: Stanley Siudzinski
* 10:40: Charles Valentino Espinoza

#### With Jorge

* 9:00:  David Bayendor
* 9:20:  Adam Smith
* 9:40:  Travis Yoder
* 10:00: Sam Kuhlmann
* 10:20: Kate Lane
* 10:40: Victoria Harrod

#### With Josh

* 9:00:  DJ Greenfield
* 9:20:  Trey Tomlinson
* 9:40:  Austin Wood
* 10:00: Jack Yeh
* 10:20: Jeffrey Wan
* 10:40: Kit Pearson

#### With Rachel

* 9:00:  Alexandra Robinson
* 9:20:  Bhargavi Satpathy
* 9:40:  Brandon Mrsny
* 10:00: Bryce Holcomb
* 10:20: Chris Luhring
* 10:40: Emily Berkeley

#### With Jeff

* 9:00:  Miriam Moser
* 9:20:  Kyra Weber
* 9:40:  Jeffrey Gu
* 10:00: Paul Grever
* 10:20: Markus Olsen
* 10:40: Kyle Henson

#### With Horace

* 9:00:  Thomas Randell
* 9:20:  Teresa Finn
* 9:40:  David E Maurer
* 10:00: Fred Block
* 10:20: Chase van Hekken
* 10:40: Konr Josef Larson

#### With Raissa

* 9:00:  Andrew Overby
* 9:20:  Edward McCarthy
* 9:40:  Juan Manuel Navarro
* 10:00: Lori Culberson

### Guest Speaker: Andy Gup from ESRI (11:00)

Andy is a developer evangelist for Esri. He lives in Colorado.

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/agup)
* [Blog](http://www.andygup.net)

### Electives (1:00 - 2:30)

* Rachel is running a session on hardware hacking with Arduino.
* Horace is running a session on data structures and algorithms.
* Josh is running a session on making music with Ruby.
* Steve is running a session on Swift.
* Raissa is running a session on eels.
* Jeff is running a session on all of computer science.

### Group Retrospectives (2:30 - 3:30)

* 1407 will be in Classroom A with Steve
* 1409 will be in Classroom B with Jorge and Horace
* 1410 will be in the Big Workspace with Rachel and Josh
* 1412 will be in Classroom C with Jeff

### Feedback Surveys (3:30 - 4:00)