---
title: 140604
layout: outline
---

## Warmup (8:30-9:00)

Please complete this logic exercise on your own: http://cl.ly/2m3p33091u1A

We won't have time to go through it today, but at the end of the warmup you can go vote vote for your answers on the whiteboard.

## Mythical Creatures

This morning we're going to work on the Mythical Creatures exercises.

### Setup

Here's how to get the files you need. In your Terminal:

* switch to the directory where you'll keep your projects
* clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:JumpstartLab/ruby-exercises.git`
* change to the mythical creatures directory: `cd ruby-exercises/mythical-creatures`
* open the folder in your editor: `atom .`

### Doing the Work

The recommended order is:

* `unicorn_test.rb`
* `vampire_test.rb`
* `dragon_test.rb`
* `hobbit_test.rb`
* `pirate_test.rb`
* `wizard_test.rb`
* `medusa_test.rb`
* `werewolf_test.rb`
* `centaur_test.rb`

Your general process is:

1. Run the test file (like `ruby unicorn_test.rb`)
2. If the tests fail, read the output / error messages and fix them
3. If the tests pass, see if there are any more tests in that file which have a `skip`. Remove the next `skip` and goto step 1.
4. If you've completed all the tests for that file, then move on to the next.

### Schedule

We're going to try a bit of independent work mixed with pairing.

#### Independent Session (9:00-10:00)

Let's spend the first hour working on your own.

#### Pairing Session (10:00-11:00)

Next let's get together in the following pairs:

* Andrew Watkins & Andy Mention
* Tim Proctor & Allison Larson
* Cara Dennis & Jessica Goulding
* Emily Davis & Eric Fransen
* Horacio Chavez & Robert Gu
* Tan Doan & Chad Brading
* Marc Garreau & Will Faurot
* Gustavo Villagrano & Hillary Denton
* Corey Davis & Jonmichael Chambers & Alan Smith

#### Independent Session (11:00-12:00)

Finally let's spend the last hour working alone.

## Scavenger Hunt

This afternoon Susannah will coordinate the scavenger hunt.

### Team 1

* Andy Mention
* Hillary Denton
* Marc Garreau
* Robert Gu
* Tim Proctor

### Team 2

* Alan Smith
* Horacio Chavez
* Jonmichael Chambers
* Andrew Watkins
* Jessica Goulding

### Team 3

* Will Faurot
* Cara Dennis
* Eric Fransen
* Gustavo Villagrano
* Emily Davis

### Team 4

* Allison Larson
* Corey Davis
* Chad Brading
* Tan Doan