---
title: 141117
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Can you implement `flatten` without using, uhm, `Array#flatten`? It should be able to handle nested arrays infinitely deep.

* If you did it without money patching `Array`, can you do it with monkey patching? (And vice versa, of course.)
* Can you do it in JavaScript?

We all did it on Friday and we'll show you our approaches at 8:55.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

Meet with your posse and work on the following:

* 3:00 - 3:10 Share a project or assignment that you're working on.
* 3:10 - 3:20 Update your mentors through email or a blog post
* 3:20 - 4:00 1406 and 1407 proposed new projects today. 1409 is tackling their first, non-tutorial, Rails project: Dinner Dash. 1410 is knee deep in EventReporter.
  * 1406: What project did your team decide on? Your fellow posse members are potentially going to be users of this application. What would they like to see in it?
  * 1407: Talk about your self-directed project. Solicit ideas for features from your posse members
  * 1409: You were introduced to Dinner Dash today. Do 1406 and 1407 have any guidance for you? How do you feel about building a Rails application from the ground up?
  * 1410: With Mastermind behind you, you're moving onto EventReporter. What's different about this project? What's similar? What's confusing to you and what's old had at this point?

### Lightning Talk Brainstorm (4:05 - 4:45)

Meet with Steve at 4:05 in Classroom A to brainstorm ideas for your lightning talk if you haven't already had a proposal approved by Jorge.

## 1406

### Getting Started with Services (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom C to get started with services.

### Introduction to Services Tutorial (10:30 - 12:00)

Josh Mejia will be on hand for questions.

### Mastery Project Kickoff (1:00 - 3:00)

Your final project at Turing. The last one. No pressure.

Meet with Jeff and Jorge in Classroom B to kick things off, form teams, etc.

## 1407

### Self-Directed Project Kickoff and Iteration Planning (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Steve in the Big Workspace to kick off your [self-directed projects](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/self_directed_project.markdown).

### Getting Started with OAuth (10:30 - 12:00)

Move into Classroom C as Jeff introduces you to OAuth.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Start hacking on that first iteration. Horace and Josh Mejia are on hand for 10 minute questions.

## 1409

### Getting Started with Dinner Dash (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jorge in Classroom B to kick off your first team Rails project: [Dinner Dash](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html).

You'll be working in the following groups:

* Herbert Joseph & Sam Kuhlmann & Travis Yoder & Timothy Mee
* Gregory Narajka & Victoria Harrod & Chase van Hekken & Konr Josef Larson
* Chandra Carney & Alex Jensen & Kate Lane & Zachary Routhier
* Adam Smith & Danny Glunz & David Bayendor

### Authentication (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet up with Rachel in Classroom A to learn about authentication and rainbow tables.

## 1410

### Revisiting Enumerable (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning you'll be working through [these enumerable challenges](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/enumerable-challenges).

There will be two tracks:

* Meet with Horace in Classroom A if you'd like some guidance.
* Find a spot in the workspace surrounding Classroom A if you want to go it alone.

### Event Reporter Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

This afternoon, you'll have time to work on EventReporter. Horace and Josh Mejia are on hand for questions.
