---
title: 140116
layout: outline
---

## Technical Check-Ins 09:00 AM to 11:00 AM 

### With Katrina near the War Room

* 9:10 - Hot Streak - Jonah Moses, Magan Adam, Quentin Tai, Romeeka Gayhart
* 9:45 - Social Smarts - Antony Siegert, George Hudson, Louisa Barrett, Nikhil Taneja, Will Mitchell
* 10:20 - TravelHub - Brian Winterling, Katrina Engelsted, Persa Zula, Rolen Le

### With Jeff at the Instructor Desks

* 9:10 - Mile High - Ben Horne, Ben Lewis, Bryana Knight, Darryl Pequeen
* 9:45 - Runline - Billy Griffin, Bree Thomas, Lauren Spath Luhring, Luke Martinez
* 10:20 - Agile Board - Kevin Powell, Nathaniel Watts, Simon Taranto, Tyler Long

## Peer Check-Ins 11:00 AM to 12:00 PM

Let's get together to check-in on your progress and look for opportunities to share ideas, findings, and collaborate on code.

Please gather in the following groups to discuss:

* Where is your project, so far?
* What are the big hurdles?
* What parts have been easier/harder than anticipated?
* What are you working on next?
* What areas might overlap with other groups?

### Groupings

* Jonah Moses, Brian Winterling, Kevin Powell, Billy Griffin
* Ben Horne, Antony Siegert, Magan Adam, Nathaniel Watts
* Ben Lewis, George Hudson, Katrina Engelsted, Bree Thomas
* Quentin Tai, Lauren Spath Luhring, Louisa Barrett, Will Mitchell
* Simon Taranto, Luke Martinez, Bryana Knight, Nikhil Taneja
* Romeeka Gayhart, Rolen Le, Tyler Long, Darryl Pequeen

## Resumes with Dave Brady 1:00pm

Dave is going to talk a bit about resumes this afternoon from about 1:00-2:00. This session is optional. After the talk, Dave will be available to give one-on-one feedback and answer questions.

## Pairing w/Katrina 13:00-16:00

* 13:00-14:00 Bree
* 14:00-15:00 Darryl
* 15:00-16:00 Kevin