---
title: 141001
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

No warmup today since it's project delivery/work day.

## 1406

It seems like you need work time more than anything else, so we're not going to
schedule sessions today. If you need some feedback/help then create an issue on your
project and mention `@jcasimir`. You can work out of Market Street.

## 1407

This morning we want to check in on your Dinner Dash projects and make sure things
are on track. When you're not doing a check-in, keep cranking away.

Meet with Jeff near the 3D Printer at Market.

* 9:00 - Cara Dennis & Rolando Navarrete & Sara Simon
* 10:00 - Kavita Sachdeva & Glen Egbert & Aaron Paul Wortham
* 11:00 - Jim Sutton & Jessica Goulding & Ian Andersen & Luke Aiken

## 1409

First up, please add your repo URL to [the submission page](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1409/02_event_reporter/event_reporter_submissions.yml)

### EventReporter Evaluations (9:00-12:00)

This morning we'll evaluate your EventReporter projects. Please meet your
evaluator in the work area at Blake Street. When you're not doing your instructor eval,
check out the peer eval piece below.

[Remember the rubric is on the assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/event_reporter.html).

#### With Jorge

* 9:00 - Travis Yoder & Kalah Cheek
* 9:45 - Gregory Narajka & Herbert Joseph

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Christopher Bynum & Alex Jensen
* 9:45 - Timothy Mee & Adam Smith
* 10:30 - Konr Josef Laron & Victoria Harrod
* 11:15 - Danny Glunz & Chandra Carney & Sam Kuhlmann

#### With Rachel

* 10:30 - Kate Lane & David Bayendor
* 11:15 - Zachary Routhier & Chase van Hekken

### EventReporter Peer Evaluations

#### Pairings

* Travis & Chris
* Kalah & Alex
* Gregory & Konr
* Herbert & Adam
* Konr & Kate
* Vicki & David
* Danny & Sack
* Chandra & Chase & Sam

#### Protocol

Your goal is to work with your partner to evaluate their project similar to the instructor evaluation.

* Use the the Evaluation Rubric in [the project assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/event_reporter.html)
* Run through the base stories
* Explore any extensions they completed
* Work through the rubric and add your rubric scores to the submissions page
* If time allows, dig into their implementation to fix up bugs, explore interesting code, etc

You should spend about an hour on each partner's project. Please make use of the full time available this morning.

### EventReporter Recap & Refactor (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon we'll run two recap & refactor sessions. We'll split into
two groups and swap sessions halfway through.

* Group A: Christopher Bynum, Chase van Hekken, Zachary Routhier, Timothy Mee, Sam Kuhlmann, Travis Yoder, Alex Jensen, Danny Glunz, Herbert Joseph
* Group B: Gregory Narajka, Chandra Carney, David Bayendor, Victoria Harrod, Kalah Cheek, Adam Smith, Kate Lane, Konr Josef Laron

#### Session 1 (1:00-1:40)

* Group A will meet with Josh to look at test coverage and refactoring
* Group B will meet with Rachel to look at extracting methods in implementation code

#### Session 2 (1:45-2:30)

* Group A will meet with Jeff to look at extracting methods in implementation code
* Group B will meet with Josh to look at test coverage and refactoring

### RTanque Battle Dojo (2:35-4:00)

After delivering your EventReporter projects, let's do something fun. Join Jeff
in Classroom A to play with RTanque.
