---
title: 140818
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

You did a good job last week with leaving feedback on Exercism. Let's have that
be our Monday thing.

Please go on to Exercism and leave feedback on at least three
other submissions. If you're not able to leave feedback yet, work on / complete
your current exercise.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

#### Organizing (3:00-3:15)

* Read the mentors email that Rachel sent out on Friday
* Email your mailing list with a description/summary of what you've been
doing so far, what's worked well and what hasn't
* Make pairing appointments with each other student in your posse
* Reach out to mentors about setting up pairing or code review sessions
* For pairing scheduling, keep in mind that 1406 has work time Tuesday AM,
Wednesday PM, and Thursday PM. 1407 has work time Tuesday PM, Wednesday AM, and
Thursday PM.

#### Work Period (3:15-4:00)

During this time, do some programming with the other members of your posse. Some
ideas include:

* Did you embark on a reading project last week? If so, this would be a good
opportunity to check-in on progress and discuss what you've learned so far.

## 1406

### Effective Rails Models (9:00-12:00)

This morning you'll meet with Jorge in the **classroom** to work on effective
Rails models.

You will learn about,

* Active Record pattern
* Migrations
* Validations
* Transactions
* Scopes

### Dinner Dash Cross-Group Pairing (1:00-3:00)

This afternoon we're going to mix it up a bit: you'll pair with a student from
another team. Your goals are to:

* understand where the other project stands
* see if there are any takeaways that you can bring to your own project
* help diagnose/address any clear issues (ex: how's their test coverage?)
* push forward with new features your pair is working on

Spend the first hour on the first pair member's project, then the second hour
on the other.

#### Pairings

* Emily & Horacio
* Tim & Watts
* Gustavo & Allie
* Robert & Andy
* Corey & Jonmichael
* Tan & Alan
* Chad & Eric
* Hilary & Marc & Will (40 mins each? Just two projects for 60/each? Up to you.)

## 1407

### Starting SalesEngine (9:00-12:00)

Take a look at the SalesEngine assignment and timeline:

[SalesEngine](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html)

The project is due at 9am on Thursday, August 28th.

#### Intro (9:00-9:30)

Start off in the **workspace** with Rachel to discuss the project from a high
level.

#### Planning & Design (9:30-11:00)

Then get together with your pair to discuss, dissect, and come up with a
strategy for how you'll attack SalesEngine.

#### Pairings

* Cara Dennis & Luke Aiken
* Jim Sutton & Aaron Paul Wortham
* Kavita Sachdeva & Sara Simon
* Rolando Navarrete & Ian Andersen
* Jessica Goulding & Glen Egbert

#### All Together (11:00-12:00)

Then let's get back together to answer questions, discuss strategy, and highlight
potential pitfalls.

### MiniTest Tips & Techniques (1:00-3:00)

This afternoon, join Josh in the **classroom** to go over MiniTest tips and techniques.

The session is based on this tutorial: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/minitest_techniques.html

Also, please clone the following repos:

* https://github.com/JoshCheek/event_reporter
* https://github.com/turingschool/minitest_playground
