---
title: 140916
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

Please continue to wear a name tag today.

### Warmup

This morning let's work on nitpicking. Assuming you have at least one exercise
accepted in Exercism, you should be able to nitpick other people's submissions.
Ask a posse member or other student if you need help getting started.

Some ideas when writing nitpicks:

* point out techniques that you particularly like or don't like
* ask questions about the choices they made, or why they chose to do X over Y
* highlight anything they did that you didn't know about, or suggest things you
know that could simplify what they're doing

Remember that the world is full of people, so phrase your comments in a way
that you'd feel excited about them if they were directed at your work.

### Lightning Talk Meetings (4:15-4:45)

Lightning talkers please meet with Steve in Classroom A at 4:15pm to go over your
outlines.

## 1406

### Work Time (9:00-12:00)

This morning you can work at either the Market conference room or the Blake work
space. Jeff will be available for questions at the Blake kitchen table or Slack/ScreenHero.

### Auditing & Improving the Security of Rails Applications (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon, you'll be conducting a security audit on your colleague's applications using `breakman`.

1. Install Brakeman using `gem install brakeman`.
2. Clone the repository.
3. Create issues on your colleague's repository outlining the nature of each issue that Brakeman alerts you to.
4. Fork the repository and try to solve the issue as a pair.
5. Submit a pull request for a code review.

You'll working in the following pairs

* Tan Doan and Gustavo Villagrana auditing Keevahh
* Andy Mention and Marc Garreau auditing EmployMe
* Robert Gu and Andrew Watkins auditing Airlift
* Allison Larson and Corey Davis auditing TravelHome
* Alan Smith, Eric Fransen, Jonmichael Chambers auditing Keevahh
* Tim Proctor and Will Faurot auditing EmployMe
* Emily Davis and Hilary Denton auditing Airlift
* Horacio Chavez and Chad Brading auditing TravelHome

### Revisiting ActiveRecord Relationships (2:30-4:00)

We'll be discussing:

* A recap of one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-many
* Polymorphic relationships in ActiveRecord

You will:

* Use Storedom to create a `Photo` (with just a URL) which can attach to either
a user or an item
* Use Storedom to implement a one-to-one with a `Login` class and a `Customer` class
* Use Storedom to implement a many-to-many with has_many `:through`

Resources:

* [Polymorphism](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/models/polymorphism.html)
* [ActiveRecord Relationships](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/models/relationships.html)

## 1407

### Scraping & Parsing with Capybara (9:00-12:00)

Meet with Josh in Classroom B to check out
[Scraping data with Capybara](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/scraping-with-capybara.html).

### CloneWars Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00-4:00)

This afternoon please work in the Blake Street work space and join Jeff for
the following check-ins:

* 1:00 - Cara Dennis & Jim Sutton & Kavita Sachdeva & Rolando Navarrete
* 1:45 - Sara Simon & Ian Andersen & Glen Egbert
* 2:30 - Jessica Goulding & Luke Aiken & Aaron Paul Wortham

## 1409

### Diagnostic Assessments

Today each of you will complete a diagnostic assessment. The purpose of the
test is to get a feel for your starting point in the class. It has no effect or
importance beyond that.

[Read and follow the setup instructions ahead of time here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/mythical_creatures.html).

#### With Steve

* 9:00 - Travis Yoder
* 9:30 - Zachary Routhier
* 10:00 - Timothy Mee
* 10:30 - Danny Glunz
* 11:00 - Alex Jensen
* 11:30 - Adam Smith

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Victoria Harrod
* 9:30 - Christopher Bynum
* 10:00 - Chandra Carney
* 10:30 - Gregory Narajka
* 11:00 - Kate Lane
* 11:30 - Kalah Cheek
* 2:30 - Konr Josef Laron
* 3:15 - Sam Kuhlmann

#### With Josh

* 1:45 - David Bayendor
* 2:30 - Herbert Joseph
* 3:15 - Chase van Hekken

### Ideabox TDD (9:00-12:00)

Use Classroom A to complete this exercise. Sorry that, because of assessments,
there won't be anyone dedicated to questions during your work time.

It's time to start your most sizable tutorial yet,
[IdeaBox-TDD](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/ideabox/tdd_minitest.html).

Please spend the morning working on it with the pair below and finish it by
the start of the day tomorrow.

### Pairs

* Travis Yoder & Victoria Harrod
* Zachary Routhier & Chase van Hekken
* Herbert Joseph & Kalah Cheek
* Konr Josef Laron & Kate Lane
* Gregory Narajka & Chandra Carney
* David Bayendor & Christopher Bynum
* Alex Jensen & Adam Smith
* Timothy Mee & Sam Kuhlmann & Danny Glunz

### Enumerable Methods (1:00-4:00)

Start in Classroom A with Rachel. Lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown). 

#### Introduction

Then let's have a quick chat about the overarching concepts behind the Enumerable methods.

* Programming is about collections
* *Iterating* over a collection: `each`, `map`/`collect`, `inject`, `sort_by`
* *Filtering* a collection: `select`, `detect`, `min`, `max`
* Typically take a block and run it once for each element
* The right enumerable method can save you time/effort
* But everything can be done with `each`

#### Exercises in Pairs

Once we've finished the group discussion you should dive into
[these enumerable exercises](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/enums-exercises)

Working in the following pairs:

* Timothy Mee & Zachary Routhier
* Christopher Bynum & David Bayendor
* Kalah Cheek & Chase van Hekken
* Danny Glunz & Gregory Narajka
* Konr Josef Laron & Kate Lane
* Travis Yoder & Adam Smith
* Victoria Harrod & Chandra Carney
* Alex Jensen & Herbert Joseph & Sam Kuhlmann
