---
title: 140821
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

During warmup today Josh will be working through his "Self Game" in the classroom
space. All are welcome.

If you're not doing that, hop into your current Exercism exercise.

### Afternoon Reminder

The staff will all be out this afternoon.

## 1406

### Planning the Final Push (9:00-10:00)

Please spend the first hour of the day together with your group discussing
and trying to answer questions like these:

* Is the project on track to be good by Thursday?
* Where is the list of what needs to be done/taken care of?
* When will you stop working? Will you implement a "code freeze"?
* Are there any required features that you're missing?
* What optional/extension features are you adding?
* Will you have anyone outside the group act as "QA"?
* Have you looked at your wireframes lately? Does your app follow them? If not,
did you make *conscious decisions* to change, or accidental?

### Work Time (10:00-4:00)

By the end of today you really should have a store where customers can shop and
place orders, and admins can control the items in the store. Good luck!

## 1407

### Check-Ins (9:00-12:00)

This morning you'll have project check-ins.

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Jim Sutton & Aaron Paul Wortham
* 10:00 - Rolando Navarette & Ian Andersen

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Cara Dennis & Luke Aiken
* 10:00 - Jessica Goulding & Glen Egbert
* 11:00 - Kavita Sachdeva & Sara Simon

### Work Time (9:00-4:00)

When you're not doing a check-in, keep cranking on your project.
