---
title: 140924
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30-9:00)

Continue your quest to become a [RubyWarrior](https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior/). You can complete individually or with a pair at your option.

### Wrap up (4:00-4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:05-4:35)

Join Jorge at Classroom A. Believe it or not, it's already Wednesday. Please have a draft of your presentation slides ready.

## 1406

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Head over to Market Street (Clasroom B). You'll have plenty of time to bond with your projects today. Close some issues; merge some branches; push some commits. Remember: creating small branches that you frequently merge back into master is the way forward.

Jorge will be on question duty from 9:00 - 10:30.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

**Ignore previous instructions.** You'll be sticking around Market Street in the afternoon.

Jeff will be around for questions from 2:00 - 4:00.

## 1407

### Contact Manager Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning you'll be working on Contact Manager in the Blake Street work space. Steve will be on hand to answer all of your strange `rails-rspec` configuration questions.

### Acceptance Testing with Phantom and Poltergeist (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Josh in Classroom A to talk about
[what exactly testing and ghosts have to do with each other](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/capybara/capybara_and_phantom.html).

### Unit Testing Rails (2:30 - 4:00)

Don't go anywhere. Jorge will tag in to give you an introduction to unit testing in Rails.

## 1409

### Debugging Techniques (9:00 - 10:30)

You'll begin your day with in Classroom A (Blake Street) with Josh discussing debugging techniques and best practices.
[Debugging material](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/debugging/debugging.html#tools)!

### Debugging Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

After learning a bit about debugging techniques, you'll put some of that knowledge into practice. You'll stay in Classroom A and Josh will be on hand to guide you.

### Mastermind Pairing and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

In the afternoon, you'll pair with a colleague to work on your Mastermind projects over in the cellar **on Blake Street**. Rachel will be on hand for questions and support.

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Danny Glunz and Timothy Mee
* David Bayendor and Christopher Bynum
* Adam Smith and Chandra Carney
* Travis Yoder and Victoria Harrod
* Chase van Hekken and Zachary Routhier
* Kalah Cheek and Alex Jensen
* Sam Kuhlmann and Kate Lane
* Herbert Joseph, Gregory Narajka and Konr Josef Laron
