---
title: 141120
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up

ISO 8601 standard for dates tells us the proper way to do an extended day is `yyyy-mm-dd`.

Write a method or function that can take any of the dates in [this gist][gist] and correctly format them to the ISO standard. You'll encounter dates in the following formats:

* `yyyy-mm-dd`
* `mm/dd/yy`
* `mm#yy#dd`
* `dd*mm*yyyy`

[gist]: https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/2ea630be90f4c837847c

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Meet with your posse and work on the following:

* 3:00 - 3:10 Share a project or assignment that you're working on.
* 3:10 - 3:20 Update your mentors through email or a blog post
* 3:20 - 4:00 1406 is working on applications that will better the Turing community. 1407 is working on projects that will—hopefully—better the world. 1409 is tackling their first, non-tutorial, Rails project: Dinner Dash. 1410 just received SalesEngine.
  * 1406: This is your second to last posse meeting. Just think about that for a moment. Any words of wisdom or advice?
  * 1407: Talk about your self-directed project. Are you ready for your next check-ins? What's it like to work alone? Better? Worse?
  * 1409: You're one week into Dinner Dash. What's it like working in a larger group? How's Git treating you? Do 1406 and 1407 have any guidance for you?
  * 1410: Today you met SalesEngine. Seek guidance and wisdom.

### Lightning Talk Brainstorm (4:05 - 4:45)

Meet with Steve at 4:05 in Classroom A to brainstorm ideas for your lightning talk if you haven't already had a proposal approved by Jorge.

## 1406

### How JavaScript Front-Ends Work (9:00 - 9:45)

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/how_javascript_frontends_work.markdown)

Join Steve in Classroom C to learn about the limitations of using straight jQuery in the face of complicated front-end challenges.

### Ember Fundamentals (9:45 - 12:00)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom C to talk about the basics of Ember, its ecosystem and its object model.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/ember_fundementals.markdown)
* [Playing with Arrays in Ember](http://jsbin.com/xakuso)

We'll work in the following pairs:

* Eric Fransen and Allison Larson
* Horacio Chavez and Marc Garreau
* Robert Gu and Alan Smith
* Will Faurot and Andrew Watkins
* Corey Davis and Gustavo Villagrana
* Hilary Denton and Emily Davis
* Tim Proctor and Jonmichael Chambers
* Tan Doan and Andy Mention and Chad Brading

## MVC with Ember (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet back up with Steve in Classroom C to talk about a different take on MVC from Rails.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/mvc_in_ember.markdown)

We'll work in the following pairs:

* Tan Doan and Corey Davis
* Marc Garreau and Andrew Watkins
* Tim Proctor and Will Faurot
* Allison Larson and Chad Brading
* Jonmichael Chambers and Eric Fransen
* Gustavo Villagrana and Alan Smith
* Hilary Denton and Horacio Chavez
* Robert Gu and Emily Davis and Andy Mention

## 1407

### Fundamental JSON (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom A. Find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/json_fundementals.markdown).

### Serving JSON with Rails (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom A. Find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/serving_json_from_rails.markdown).

For the practice section, we will work in the following pairs:

* Glen Egbert & Jim Sutton
* Ian Andersen & Jessica Goulding
* Sara Simon & Rolando Navarrete
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Luke Aiken & Kavita Sachdeva

## 1409

### Dinner Dash Cross-Team Pairing (9:00 - 12:00)

Today, you'll work in inter-team pairs. Spend the first 60 minutes on the first colleague's project, the second 60 minutes on the second colleague's project. Regroup with your team for the remaining 60 minutes to compare notes and create issues/user stories.

* Alex Jensen and Danny Glunz
* Sam Kuhlmann and Victoria Harrod
* Travis Yoder and Chase van Hekken
* Chandra Carney and Adam Smith
* Timothy Mee and Konr Josef Larson
* Herbert Joseph and Gregory Narajka
* Kate Lane and David Bayendor and Zachary Routhier

### Cart and Order Life Cycles (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom B.

## 1410

### Minitest Tips & Techniques (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to talk about testing all the things.
http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/minitest_techniques.html

### SalesEngine Kickoff (1:00 - 1:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom A.

#### Pairings

* Bhargavi Satpathy & Kit Pearson
* Alexandra Robinson & Laura Whalin & Orion Osborn
* Lori Culberson & Andrew Overby
* Brandon Mrsny & Chris Luhring
* Nathan Owsiany & Scott Crawford
* Jeffrey Wan & Krista A Nelson
* Juan Manuel Navarro & Emily Berkeley
* Rich Shea & Michael Dao
* Lydia Shafer & Bryce Holcomb
* Edward McCarthy & Dustin Gault

### SalesEngine Planning and Design (1:30 - 3:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom A.
