---
title: 141112
layout: outline
---

## All

Last week, we arbitrarily decided Thursday is JavaScript day.

But, since you all have projects due tomorrow, we know you're not going to do tomorrow's warm up.

So, this week, we'll do it on a Wednesday. You should already have Node installed from last week.

Head over to [nodeschool.io](http://nodeschool.io/) and choose a workshop.

* Posse members from 1409 and 1410 should pair on `javascripting`.
* Posse members from 1406 and 1407 should pair on `learnyounode`.

Real pairing; not coexisting.

## 1406

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel and Steve are on hand for questions in ten minute increments.

8 minutes if you're using Vim.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel and Horace are on hand for questions in ten minute increments.

## 1407

### The Pivot Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Whatever you do, never stop pivoting.

Rachel and Steve are on hand for questions in ten minute increments.

### The Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel and Horace are on hand for questions in ten minute increments.

## 1409

### ContactManager Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel and Steve are on hand for questions in ten minute increments.

### Unit Testing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C to talk about Unit Testing in Rails.

### Acceptance Testing in Rails (2:30 - 4:00)

Stick around in Classroom C as Steve helps you find acceptance.

You're going to pair not, once, but twice.

* Ordering a DVD player from Amazon — Victoria Harrod and Timothy Mee
* Publishing a blog post — Konr Josef Larson and Zachary Routhier
* Sending a friend a message on Facebook — Kate Lane and Travis Yoder
* Placing a bid on Ebay — Sam Kuhlmann and Danny Glunz
* Establishing a connection on LinkedIn — Adam Smith and Alex Jensen
* Uploading a video on YouTube — Gregory Narajka and Chandra Carney
* Submitting an issue on Github — David Bayendor and Herbert Joseph and Chase van Hekken

If you're feeling bold, there are to extensions that you can try your hand at:

* Creating a Pandora station
* Sharing a document on Google Drive

In the second segment, you'll be in different pairs working with [Wishlist](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/wishlist).

* Chandra Carney and Victoria Harrod
* Gregory Narajka and Adam Smith
* Kate Lane and Sam Kuhlmann
* Herbert Joseph and Travis Yoder
* Danny Glunz and David Bayendor
* Konr Josef Larson and Zachary Routhier
* Alex Jensen and Chase van Hekken and Timothy Mee

## 1410

### Debugging Techniques (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Josh Cheek to cover some debugging techniques in Classrom A.
[http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/debugging/debugging.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/debugging/debugging.html)


### Debugging Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Josh to tackle some debugging exercises.

### Mastermind Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel and Horace are on hand to answer your questions and master your minds.
