---
title: 141119
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

So, Ruby (and some other languages—apparently, there are other languages) have a data structure called `Set`.

A set is like an Array, but it holds unique objects.

If you had a set `[1, 2, 3]` and you tried to push in `3`, you'd still have the same set.

Can you implement this With tests? What about `shift` and `unshift`? `pop`?

### Film Club (12:00 - 1:00)

If you're wondering where all the cool kids hang out around noon; it's Film Club.

Emily is ready to cue up a talk by the wonderful Sandi Metz.

## 1406

### Mastery Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Basket those jobs; tiny those retrospectives; warm those ups; ship those mentors.

Josh Mejia and Horace are on hand to help with any of the above.

### Building a Service with Rails API: Workshop (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Jorge and Steve in Classroom C to build some more services.

## 1407

### Working with Third-Party APIs (9:00 - 9:45)

Meet up with Steve in Classroom A to talk about working with APIs using Faraday.

### JavaScript and jQuery Revisited (9:45 - 10:30)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom A. We'll talk about working with your data in the DOM and making AJAX requests.

### Iteration Planning (10:30 - 12:00)

Tired of Steve? Jorge will drop by to talk some more about iteration planning.

### Self-Directed Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel is on hand for your self-directed questions.

## 1409

### Dinner Dash Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

No, but seriously—those dinners are *not* going to dash themselves.

Horace and Josh Mejia are on hand for all of your dinner dashing needs.

### Pushing Logic Down the Stack (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom A to push some logics down some stacks.

## 1410

### Regular Expression (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to talk about regular expressions.

### Big O Analysis (10:30 - 11:15)

So, Steve is an instructor at Turing. Join him in Classroom A to talk about algorithmic complexity.

### EventReporter Cross-Team Pairing (11:15 - 12:00)

It's time to learn from each other and swap tips. Spend 50% of the time looking at one teams project and 50% of the time looking at the other.

* Alexandra Robinson and Andrew Overby
* Kit Pearson and Brandon Mrsny
* Dustin Gault and Lori Culberson
* Bhargavi Satpathy and Bryce Holcomb
* Rich Shea and Lydia Shafer
* Juan Manuel Navarro and Chris Luhring
* Orion Osborn and Nathan Owsiany
* Emily Berkeley and Michael Dao
* Jeffrey Wan and Edward McCarthy and Laura Whalin
* Scott Crawford and Krista A Nelson

### EventReporter Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You've learned some things today (hopefully). It's time to get back to work.

Horace is on hand for questions.

