---
title: 141111
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

With your posse, solve the following:

**Write a program that prints the next 20 leap years.**

A leap year occurs under the following condition:

* The year is evenly divisible by 4
* If the year can be evenly divided by 100, it is *not* a leap year.
* If the year can be evenly divided by 400, it is a leap year.

**Challenge**: Write a program that automatically converts English text to Morse code and vice versa.

## 1406

### FeedEngine Work Time (9:00 - 10:30)

Josh Cheek is on hand for questions.

### Writing a Wrapper Gem (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to write a wrapper gem an API.

### Building Notifications (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon, you'll be working through the following tutorial on [extracting a notification service][not].

Steve will kick things off in Classroom B and then be on hand for questions.

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Chad Brading and Gustavo Villagrana
* Alan Smith and Jonmichael Chambers
* Will Faurot and Corey Davis
* Andy Mention and Eric Fransen
* Robert Gu and Allison Larson
* Tim Proctor and Horacio Chavez
* Emily Davis and Hilary Denton
* Andrew Watkins and Marc Garreau and Tan Doan

[not]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/monsterporium/extract_notification_service.html

## 1407

### The Pivot Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Work on your pivots. See below for the check-in schedule.

Seek out Josh Cheek with all of your questions.

### The Pivot: Checkpoint #3 (10:00 - 11:30)

Meet with Jeff to discuss your pivots.

* 10:00 - 10:30: Gallery
* 10:30 - 11:00: Dope Threads
* 11:00 - 11:30: Airlift

## 1409

### Blogger Recap (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to reminisce about Blogger.

### Models, Databases, Relationships (9:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom B. Rachel will join you to talk about models, databases, and relationships. Find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/models_databases_relationships.markdown). 

### Starting Contact Manager (1:00 - 4:00)

It's time to kick off your *second* Rails project: [ContactManager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/contact_manager.html).

Josh Mejia is on hand for questions.

## 1410

### Testing a REPL (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom C to talk about [not testing a command-line interface](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/not_testing_a_repl.markdown).

### Mastermind Pairing and Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

You'll have some time this morning to work on your Mastermind projects.

Split this work session in two. Spend 45 minutes pairing on the first group member's project. Switch at 11:15.

* Kit Pearson and Orion Osborn
* Nathan Owsiany and Michael Dao
* Bryce Holcomb and Jeffrey Wan
* Lori Culberson and Lydia Shafer
* Kalah Cheek and Andrew Overby
* Juan Manuel Navarro and Chris Luhring
* Krista A Nelson and Alexandra Robinson
* Dustin Gault and Brandon Mrsny
* Bhargavi Satpathy and Rich Shea
* Laura Whalin and Edward McCarthy
* Scott Crawford and Emily Berkeley

Josh Cheek will be available to answer your questions.

### Mastermind Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue working on your Mastermind project.

Josh Cheek and Rachel are on hand for 10-minute questions.
