---
title: 141114
layout: outline
---

## All

### Introduction to Bonobos (9:00 - 9:15)

Meet in the big workspace to for a chat with Andrew from Bonobos.

### Lightning Talks (9:15 - 10:00)

#### In Classroom A

##### Presenters

* Eric Fransen: Software Patents & Trolls
* Allison Larson: Ember on Rails
* Rolando Navarrete: The Legality of Peer to Peer Networks
* Glen Egbert: Technical Debt
* Victoria Harrod: Hedy Lamarr
* Greg Narajka: Using CS to manipulate OKCupid

##### Audience

* John Backus posse
* Donald Knuth posse
* Dan Ingalls posse
* Dennis Ritchie posse
* John von Neumann posse
* Tim Berners-Lee posse
* Grace Hopper posse
* Fred Brooks posse
* John McCarthy posse

#### In Classoom C

##### Presenters

* Alan Smith: Raptor Ruby Server
* Watts: The End of Death
* Kavita Sachdeva: Ancient Cryptography
* Tim Mee: Evolution of Data Storage
* Danny Glunz: How to Survive the Titanic with Machine Learning

##### Audience

* Karen Spärck Jones posse
* Anita Borg posse
* Yukihiro Matsumoto posse
* Guido van Rossum posse
* Alan Kay posse
* Kay McNulty posse
* Adele Goldberg posse
* Ada Lovelace posse
* Betty Holberton posse

### Self-Study (10:00 - 12:00)

So, it's relatively easy to ask you to respect the Friday since you're
all between projects. But that's all the more reason to take a little
bit of time to sharpen your tools.

There won't be one-on-ones today.

* Consider working through the [nodeschool.io](http://nodeschool.io/)
  workshops. **Steve** is clearing his schedule to exclusively answer
  JavaScript questions exclusively today.
* Consider working on the [Ruby Koans](http://rubykoans.com/) to
  sharpen your Ruby skills.
* Consider getting better with your tools. Take a look at
  [ShortcutFoo](https://www.shortcutfoo.com/) to learn your way around
  your editor.
* Consider taking one or more [Exercism](http://exercism.io) exercises
  in the language of your choice.
* We talked with Thoughtworks yesterday and they prefer that their
  applicants complete a challenge in Java. Consider tackling some Java
  today with [this course](https://www.udemy.com/java-tutorial/).

#### Study Groups

* **Travis** is running a study group on 3D printing. Meet him by the,
  umm, 3D pritner to discuss, umm, 3D printing.
* **Kate** is running a study group on design. Seek her out. She'll
  post her location on Slack.

#### Peer Mentoring

1406 will be busy for most of the morning, but Watts, Will,
Jonmichael, and Robert have a standing invitation to pair. So, if you
see them around, feel free to reach out.

### Guest Speakers: Samantha Holloway & Matt Talbot from GoSpotCheck (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet in the big workspace.

### Group Retrospectives (2:00 - 3:00)

* **1406**: Meet in the Big Workspace.
* **1407**: Meet in Classroom A.
* **1409**: Meet in Classroom C.
* **1410**: Meet in Classroom B.

## 1410

### Event Reporter Kickoff (3:00 - 3:30)

Meet with Jeff is Classroom C to kick off a new project.
