---
title: 140811
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

This morning, please go on to Exercism and leave feedback on at least three
other submissions.

If you're not able to leave feedback yet, work on / complete
your current exercise.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

#### State of Posses (3:00-3:05)
* We'll gather in **classroom** space for a few minutes to go over posse/mentor
feedback from Friday's survey.

#### Organizing (3:05-3:20)

* Research your new posse members
* Read the mentors email that Rachel sent out on Friday
* Email your mailing list with a description/summary of what you've been
doing so far, what's worked well and what hasn't
* Make pairing appointments with each other student in your posse
* Reach out to mentors about setting up pairing or code review sessions

#### Work Period (3:20-4:00)

During this time, do some programming with the other members of your posse. Some
ideas include:

* Last week everyone completed something. Show off the most difficult parts of
your work and get feedback. Look at the ugliest parts and do some refactoring.
* This week you're into new things. Talk about how you might design the
implementation. What are potential potholes along the way?
* Posses superseeded reading groups. It would be really amazing, though, to see
you select and read a text as a group.

## 1406

### Authentication (9:00-12:00)

This morning meet with Jeff in the **classroom** to study
[Fundamental Authentication](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/auth/fundamental_authentication.html).

When we get to the exercise part, use the following pairs:

* Marc Garreau & Will Faurot
* Tan Doan & Allison Larson
* Emily Davis & Chad Brading
* Jonmichael Chambers & Hilary Denton
* Alan Smith & Robert Gu
* Gustavo Villagrana & Tim Proctor
* Horacio Chavez & Andrew Watkins
* Eric Fransen & Corey Davis & Andy Mention

### Dinner Dash (1:00-3:00)

The project is due at 9AM on Thursday, 8/28.

#### Teams

* Emily Davis, Tim Proctor, Gustavo Villagrana, Robert Gu
* Horacio Chávez, Corey Davis, Tan Doan, Hilary Denton
* Andrew Watkins, Jonmichael Chambers, Marc Garreau, Chad Brading
* Allison Larson, Andy Mention, Alan Smith, Will Faurot, Eric Fransen

#### First Look (1:00-2:30)

First up this afternoon, get together with your group and start
dissecting the [Dinner Dash assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html).

#### Q&A / Planning Chat (2:30-3:00)

Then at 2:30 please come to the **classroom** space for a group
discussion about the project, strategy, and to answer your questions.

## 1407

### EventReporter Work Time (9:00-12:00)

This morning keep working on your EventReporter project in the workspace.

### Revising Enumerable (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon, please meet with Jeff in the *classroom* to discuss
[Visualizing Enumerables](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/enumerable/visualizing_enumerables.html)

### Enumerable Practice (2:30-3:00)

After our group discussion, please get together with the pair below to
continue working on the Enumerable exercises. You should pair program on
one person's code, probably starting with whoever has completed fewer of
the exercises.

* Cara Dennis & Rolando Navarette
* Jim Sutton & Glen Egbert
* Luke Aiken & Ian Anderson
* Sara Simon & Kavita Sachdeva
* Aaron Paul Wortham & Jessica Goulding

