---
title: 140910
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30-9:00)

During this time, you can work on either one of the following:

* Pick a new exercism if you have solved your previous ones.
* Answer your code nitpicks.
* Nitpick your colleagues code.

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff in classroom A to wrapup the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:15:4:45)

Join Jorge in classroom A to talk about your first draft. If you have not done so, make sure to submit a pull request with your theme and topic to the lightning talk [repo](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks). The valid themes are listed in the Readme.

## 1406

### Agile Stories & Planning (9:00-10:30)

Join Jorge in classroom A to talk about project planning. This class will help you organize better and deliver a rapid iterations of your product.

### Revisiting Git Workflow (10:30-12:00)

Join Steve in classroom A to talk about how to use git as an effective tool to organize your team.

### Project Work Time (1:00-4:00)

We hope you got some sunshine during lunch.

Meet with you team and work at Market on your project. Try to implement what you learned today about project management and git workflow.

Jeff will be available for questions.

## 1407

### Project Work Time (9:00-12:00)

Work at Black on your project. Josh will be available for questions.

### Testing Sinatra Applications (1:00-4:00)

Join Steve on classroom A to learn how to test a Sinatra application.

## 1409

### Mythical Creatures Workshop (9:00-12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom B to work on the Mythical Creatures exercises. You are going to see lots of unicorns, minotaurs and the occasional medusa.

### Scavenger Hunt (1:00-4:00)

Today you'll be doing a Scavenger Hunt. Raissa will provide the instructions.

Hope you didn't bring high heels.
