---
title: 141217
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Let's try to solve [this logic problem](http://cl.ly/2e42381b1O3G) in our posses.

## 1407

### Personas for UX (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Jorge in Classroom A to talk about his multiple personas.

### Wireframing for UX (10:00 - 11:00)

Stick around with Jorge in Classroom A to discuss wireframing.

### Generating Sample Data (11:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve in Classroom A to generate some fake data for your applications.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve is on hand for questions.

## 1409

### Agile Stories & Project Planning (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom B to tell some stories and plan some projects.

### Revisiting Git Workflow (10:30 - 12:00)

Revisit your Git workflow with Horace in Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace is on hand for questions.

## 1410

### IdeaBox Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel will be on hand for questions and ideas for you to box.

### Testing Sinatra Applications (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom B to talk about testing Sinatra applications. Find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/testing_sinatra_applications.markdown).

### IdeaBox Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

It's time to apply some of the lessons learned today.

## 1412

### Arrays and Hashes (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom C to talk about arrays and hashes.

### Object-Oriented Programming (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Jeff in Classroom C to discuss Object-Oriented Programming.

### Spiraling Design and Tests (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet back up with Jeff in Classroom A to talk about spiraling the design of your applications.

### How Testing Works (2:00 - 3:00)

How does testing even work? Find out with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Building Software with Tests (2:00 - 3:00)

Write some tests; build some software; Jeff; Classroom A.
