---
title: 140909
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30-9:00)

During this time, you can work on either one of the following:

1. Help 1409 to setup Exercism on their laptops.
2. Answer your submission's nitpicks.
3. Pick a JavaScript exercise.

### Wrapup (4:00-4:15)

Join Jeff in classroom A to wrapup the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:15:4:45)

Join Jorge in classroom A to talk about your outline. Make sure to submit a pull request with your theme and topic to the lightning talk [repo](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks). The valid themes are listed in the Readme.

## 1406

### Project Worktime (9:00-12:00)

Work at Blake on your project. Remember to establish a common set of goals, rules about working together and pairing protocols based on your previous team experiences.

Josh will be available for questions.

### Fundamental Rails Security (1:00-4:00)

Join Jorge in classroom B to talk about Rails Security. During this lesson, you will learn how to avoid common security flaws.

Don't get used to the windows.

## 1407

### How the Web Works (9:00-10:30)

Join Jeff in classroom B to talk about how the web works.

You should take notes as this is a critically important discussion for the rest
of your *career* building web application. Ideas and terms to pick out and know
include:

* HTTP, request, response, headers, body
* Server, DNS, IP, Port
* Front-end/web server, application server
* State, statelessness, cookies
* HTTPS, SSL, cryptography, man-in-the-middle

### How Sinatra Works (10:30-12:00)

Join Jorge in classroom B to learn about Sinatra, a highly configurable lightweight framework.

### IdeaBox Worktime (1:00-4:00)

Head back to Blake to work on your IdeaBox project. Steve will be available for questions.

## 1409

### How to Learn at Turing (9:00-9:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom A for advice on how to get the most out of your Turing experience.

### Ruby in 100 Minutes (9:30-12:00)

Join Steve in classroom A to learn about fundamental Ruby syntax.

You can access the tutorial [here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/ruby_in_100_minutes.html).

Yes, symbols are tricky.

### Intro to TDD (1:00-4:00)

Join Rachel in classroom A to get an introduction to Test-Driven Development, a software development technique that is widely used among rubysts. You
can find the lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_tdd_and_pairing.markdown).

