---
title: 140725
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Guest: Ingrid Alongi (10:00-11:00)

This morning we'll have a Q&A with Ingrid Alongi, co-founder of [Quick Left in Boulder](http://quickleft.com/).

You can find Ingrid here:

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/electromute)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ingridalongi)
* [ingrid@quickleft.com](mailto:ingrid@quickleft.com)

You might ask Ingrid about:

* Co-founding a consultancy in a down economy
* Tech community in Boulder/Denver
* What they look for in developers
* Why her twitter photo is so emo
* How the past gSchool grads have done at QL
* How to ride bikes really quickly

## 1406

### Retrospective

#### Independent Writing (9:00-9:40)

Reflect on one or more of the following topics:

* How did you spend your intermission week? Was it the right choice? Are you
seeing benefits this week?
* How did it feel to be back in action? Were you satisfied with your work on
IdeaBox?
* Earlier this week Jeff sent an email about roles in the group. What's your
role? What do people expect from you? How are you enhancing their learning
experience? How are they enhancing yours?

### Clone Wars Kickoff (11:00-Noon)

Check out the [Clone Wars assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/clone_wars.html).

The project is due for evaluation at 9AM on Thursday 7/31.

#### Groupings

* Chad Brading, Gustavo Villagrana, Hilary Denton
* Corey Davis, Marc Garreau, Robert Gu
* Andy Mention, Emily Davis
* Jonmichael Chambers, Eric Fransen, Alan Smith
* Andrew Watkins, Allison Larson, Horacio Chavez
* Tim Proctor, Tan Doan, Will Faurot

### 1-on-1s and Work Time

#### With Jorge

* 1:30 - Emily Davis
* 1:45 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 2:00 - Horacio Chavez
* 2:15 - Andy Mention
* 2:30 - Marc Garreau
* 2:45 - Chad Brading
* 3:00 - Eric Fransen

#### With Josh

* 1:30 - Andrew Watkins
* 1:45 - Corey Davis
* 2:00 - Tan Doan
* 2:15 - Tim Proctor
* 2:30 - Robert Gu
* 2:45 - Hilary Denton
* 3:00 - Allison Larson

#### With Jeff

* 1:15 - Will Faurot
* 1:30 - Alan Smith
* 1:45 - Jonmichael Chambers

## 1407

### MicroBlogger (9:00-10:00, 11:00-12:00, 1:00-3:00)

Please meet up at the back couches with Rachel at 9:00.

This week you've had a lot of vegetables, today it's time for a little dessert. Let's build a Ruby client for interacting with Twitter.

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/microblogger.html

Please work in the following pairs:

* Sara Simon & Rolando Navarette - jsl_demo_01
* Jim Sutton & Glen Egbert - jsl_demo_02
* Ian Anderson & Aaron Paul Wortham - jsl_demo_03
* Luke Aiken & Kavita Sachdeva - jsl_demo_04

### Photos (11:00-12:00)

Jeff will come grab you one-by-one for head shots.

### 1-on-1s

#### With Rachel

* 1:30 - Ian Anderson
* 1:45 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 2:00 - Jim Sutton
* 2:15 - Aaron Paul Wortham
* 2:30 - Sara Simon
* 2:45 - Rolando Navarette

#### With Jeff

* 2:00 - Luke Aiken
* 2:15 - Cara Dennis
* 2:30 - Glen Egbert

### Retrospective

#### Independent Writing (3:00-3:30)

##### Setup for Writing

* create a folder in your home directory named "retrospectives"
* `cd` into the directory and `git init`
* create a file `week_of_0606.markdown`
* write responses for a few of the questions below
* use all the time available to you for writing

##### Questions for Thinking

* How was this week similar and different from what you thought the class would be like?
* What prep did you do before class? Was it worth it?
* Were there any topics you felt particularly "clicked" this week?
* What the most confusing thing you tried to learn this week? How will you continue to get better at it?
* What caught your eye about your classmates this week?
* What will you focus on to be a valuable part of their learning experience

#### Group Discussion (3:35-4:00)

We'll discuss some of the individual prompts and other topics/questions.

### Weekend Work

By the time we start on Monday you should have finished and feel reasonably comfortable with:

* Ruby in 100 Minutes
* Intro to TDD
* Mythical Creatures
* MicroBlogger
