---
title: 141126
layout: outline
---

## All

### Setup for Remote Sessions

* [Install the join.me client](http://cl.ly/3k22003j0Q3z)
* Your instructor will drop a session link in your Slack channel
* Join the session
* Click the phone icon on the left side of the app
* Click "Connect via Computer"
* You'll be in listen-only mode. Headphones are recommended.
* Use your Slack channel to ask any questions

## 1406

### Ember Data (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve on the Interwebs to talk about Ember Data.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Mejia will be available for questions.

## 1407

### Filtering API Data with Authorization (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jorge though a series of tubes to talk about filtering API data.

### Presenters and Decorators (10:30 - 12:00)

Surf the web with Jeff to talk about presents and decorating.

### Self-Directed Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Mejia will be doing check-ins this afternoon:

* 1:00: Glen
* 1:20: Jim
* 1:40: Luke
* 2:00: Sara
* 2:20: Ian
* 2:40: Kavita
* 3:00: Jessica
* 3:20: Rolando
* 3:40: Aaron

## 1409

### Dinner Dash Check-ins and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Josh is doing check-ins all morning.

* 9:00: Gregory Narajka & Victoria Harrod & Chase van Hekken & Konr Josef Larson
* 9:45: Chandra Carney & Alex Jensen & Kate Lane & Zachary Routhier
* 10:30: Herbert Joseph & Sam Kuhlmann & Travis Yoder & Timothy Mee
* 11:15: Adam Smith & Danny Glunz & David Bayendor

### JavaScript Outside of the Browser (1:00 - 2:30)

Get JavaScript outside of the browser with Jorge on the Internet.

### Testing JavaScript with Jasmine (2:30 - 4:00)

Stick around with Jorge to test your JavaScript.

## 1410

### Connecting Two Verticals (9:00 - 10:30)

Craw the World Wide Web with Jeff.

### Testing with Dependency Injection (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Rachel on the Internet Superhighway to talk about testing dependency injection..

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/testing_with_dependencies.markdown)

### SalesEngine Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace is available for questions.
