---
title: 140828
layout: outline
---

Today's outline is still a WIP. Check back about 8:45 :)

## All

No warmup today since you won't do it anyway :P

### Morning - Evaluations

When you're not doing evals this morning you're free to do any learning-related
activity on your own. You're *strongly* encouraged to pair up with another
student (outside of your project group) to help each other get a high value
out of the time.

#### 1406 - With Josh

* 9:00 - Andrew Watkins, Jonmichael Chambers, Marc Garreau, Chad Brading
* 10:00 - Horacio Chavez, Corey Davis, Tan Doan, Hilary Denton

#### 1406 - With Jorge

* 9:00 - Emily Davis, Tim Proctor, Gustavo Villagrana, Robert Gu
* 10:00 - Allison Larson, Andy Mention, Alan Smith, Will Faurot, Eric Fransen

#### 1406 - Demo Prep (11:00-12:00)

At 11 when you're done with evaluations, please prep your demo for this evening.

During your five-minute presentation you should:

1. Introduce team members and what you built.
2. Show how your app works and its overall experience. Focus on anything unusual
or particularly interesting.
3. Explore at least one technical challenge and how you solved it.
4. Answer at least two questions.

#### 1407 - With Rachel

* 9:00 - Jim Sutton & Aaron Paul Wortham
* 10:00 - Cara Dennis & Luke Aiken
* 11:00 - Kavita Sachdeva & Sara Simon

#### 1407 - With Steve

* 9:00 - Rolando Navarrete & Ian Andersen
* 10:00 - Jessica Goulding & Glen Egbert

### Afternoon - Explorations

This afternoon the staff will have group sessions exploring new topics.

Each group is limited to seven people.

#### 3D Printer Unpack/Build/Experiments with Jeff

1. Glen
2. Emily
3. Chad
4. Jim
5. Ian
6. Watts
7. Corey

Note that Jeff will have to do re-assessments starting at 2pm, at which point
Corey will facilitate the group.

#### Processing Intro with Steve

* 1. Rolando
* 2. Kavita
* 3. Tim
* 4. Luke
* 5. Sara
* 6.

#### Building a Markdown Editing Site with Josh

* 1. Will
* 2. Allie
* 3. Gu
* 4. Andy
* 5. Eric
* 6. Horacio

#### Some Kind of GUI Programming with Rachel

* 1. Ian
* 2. Gustavo
* 3. 
* 4.
* 5.
* 6.

#### Object Oriented Beer Song with Jorge

* 1. Cara  *rolls dice*
* 2. Tan
* 3.
* 4.
* 5.
* 6.

### Evening - Demos (5:00-7:00)

1406 will demo their first major Rails project. Please help with the setup at
5:00 pm and stick around to celebrate your peers' accomplishments.
Demos will start at 5:30.
