---
title: 140919
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30-9:00)

Become a [RubyWarrior](https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior/) and fight your way through slugs and archers. You can complete individually or with a pair at your
option.

### Wrap up (4:00-4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

### Lightning Talks (4:05-4:35)

Join Jorge at Classroom A. If you haven't done so, submit a pull request with your theme and topic. Today, you'll have to have an outline of your talk.

## 1406

### The Pivot - Checkpoint 3 (9:00-12:00)

Join Jeff at Blake for checkins. Remember that your project should be deployed to production.

* 9:00 - Keevahh
* 9:45 - EmployMe
* 10:30 - Airlift
* 11:15 - TravelHome

When you are not in checkins, please work on your project.

### Handling Errors & Failures (1:00-2:30)

Join Jorge at Classroom A to learn about how to better handle errors in Rails.

### Project Work Time (2:30-4:00)

Work on your projects at Blake and make sure that everything is ready for delivery.

## 1407

### Blogger Recap (9:00-10:00)

Join Jeff at Classroom B to review your Blogger projects.

### Models, Databases, and Relationships (10:00-12:00)

Join Rachel at Classroom B to understand how models and relationships work in Rails.

### Project Work Time (1:00-4:00)

Work at Blake on your ContactManager project.

## 1409

### Mastermind Pairing & Work Time (9:00-12:00)

Work on your project at Blake. Steve will be available to answer questions.

### Testing a CLI (1:00-2:30)

Join Josh at Classroom B to learn about testing command-line applications.

### Mastermind Work Time (2:30-4:00)

Work at Market on your Mastermind Project.
