---
title: 140617
layout: outline
---

## Warmup (8:30-9:00)

This morning for warmup please return to your Fibonacci generator / prime checker from yesterday.

* If you felt good about your results, try it again from scratch. Make some different design decisions and see how that affects your result.
* If you struggled yesterday, continue working where you are and see if you can get it finished up!

## CSV-II CLI (9:00-12:00)

Doing test-driven development has been fun, but it would be nice to have an interface to interact with our program.

Today we will be adding a CLI layer on our previous CSV-II exercise. We are going to kick-off the session by revisiting our previous exercise and building a CLI using tests.

Later, we are going to break into pairs to implement additional functionality.

* Chad Brading & Robert Gu
* Jessica Goulding & Marc Garreau
* Corey Davis & Horacio Chavez
* Andrew Watkins & Emily Davis
* Andy Mention & Alan Smith
* Hilary Denton & Tim Proctor
* Cara Dennis & Allison Larson & Eric Fransen
* Jonmichael Chambers & Tan Doan
* Will Faurot & Gustavo Villagrana

## Mastermind Work Time (1:00-4:00)

This afternoon you can return to working on Mastermind.

# Community Night

Here's the plan for tonight:

## Get Ruby & Git Setup

Our setup tutorial is here: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html

The goal is to have correctly setup:

* Ruby 2.1
* Git
* A text editor

## Ruby in 100 Minutes

Once your system is rolling, dive into Ruby in 100 Minutes: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/ruby_in_100_minutes.html

## Playing with Hue

First we'll talk a bit about how the Hue bulbs work.

Then you can try messing with them yourself. It'll get a bit chaotic with all of us doing things at once, but nothing is going to blow up.

### Get the Code

In your terminal:

```
git clone git@github.com:JumpstartLab/jsl-hue.git
cd jsl-hue
```

### Experiments

* Pick a bulb and try turing it on and off
* Try turing a bulb off, waiting 5 seconds, and turing it back on
* Iterate through an array of three bulbs and turn them all off
* Pick a bulb and change its color
* Iterate through an array of three bulbs and change their color
* Pick a bulb and change it to three different colors with a five second pause between each