---
title: 140724
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### IdeaBox Showcase (3:30-4:00)

This afternoon let's all get together on the classroom side to checkout some of
the awesome features 1406 students built for their IdeaBox projects.

## 1406

### Warmup

One of the skills you most need to develop over the next few weeks is your
"algorithmic thinking." The quintessential CS problem for algorithm practice
is sorting data.

1. Without referencing other sources, write pseudocode for an algorithm for
sorting a collection of numbers. Think about the simplest cases first, like sets
of one, two, and three numbers.
2. Generate a set of ten random numbers (use `rand(100)`) and implement your
algorithm in code. Does it work? If not, go back to modify the pseudocode first,
then the implementation code second.

### IdeaBox Work Time (9:00-Noon)

You have a bit of time this morning to finish things off.

If you're going to start a new extension, *please* use a git feature branch
so you can roll back to a working version of things aren't going well.

### IdeaBox Recap & Refactor (1:00-3:30)

This afternoon you can choose one of the following sessions, with the
restriction that no group should grow above six students. First come, first
served.

* Josh will focus on retrofitting tests onto an existing app
* Jeff will focus on pulling business logic out of the actions and down to the
models
* Jorge will focus on improving the style/structure of view templates and how to
implement view helpers

## 1407

### Warmup

This morning let's try an infamous (but stupid) interview problem:

* Go through the numbers 0 through 100 (including both 0 and 100)
* If the number is divisible by 3, print "Fizz"
* If the number is divisible by 5, print "Buzz"
* If the number is divisible by both 3 and 5, print "FizzBuzz"
* Otherwise print the number

### First Day with Git (9:00-Noon)

Click over to the [First Day with Git](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/git/first_day_with_git.html) tutorial.

### Mythical Creatures Completion (1:00-2:15)

This afternoon, pair up to complete and extend your mythical creatures.

* Find your pair from yesterday.
* Finish any mythical creature that you did not finish yesterday.
* Go back and refactor `wizard_test.rb`, `medusa_test.rb`,`werewolf_test.rb`,
and `centaur_test.rb`. Can you find ways to improve your code? Comment out old
code but leave it in the file.
* When you're done refactoring, look at the challenges in the README.me file.
Pick one or two for you and your pair to work on.

From 2-3:30, Rachel will meet with pairs in the order listed below.
Bring the mythical creatures repo that you and your pair worked on.

* 1) Glen Egbert & Ian Anderson
* 2) Aaron Paul Wortham & Luke Aiken
* 3) Kavita Sachdeva & Jim Sutton
* 4) Sara Simon & Rolando Navarette

### Create your Own Mythical Creature Tests (2:20 - 3:30)

For the last hour, work in the following pairs to create tests for at least two new
mythical creatures. Part way through, you'll give your test files to another pair
and they will work on writing implementation code for them. At 3:20, we'll have a
few pairs put their mythical creatures on the big screen.

Glen Egbert & Kavita Sachdeva
Aaron Paul Wortham & Sara Simon
Ian Anderson & Jim Sutton
Luke Aiken & Rolando Navarette
