---
title: 141030
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Enough with the brain teasers, let's write some code.

**Meet in your posses to solve the following problem.**

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is,

1<sup>2</sup> + 2<sup>2</sup> + ... + 10<sup>2</sup> = 385

You square each number from one to ten and then you add them together.

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,

(1 + 2 + ... + 10)<sup>2</sup> = 55<sup>2</sup> = 3025

You sum up each number and then you get the square of that sum.

Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 − 385 = 2640.

Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum. (Pro-tip: Write a method or function do figure this out on your behalf—don't do this by hand.)

* Can you write a solution in Ruby?
* What about JavaScript?
* What about Processing?

(Source: [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/problem=6))

## 1406

### FeedEngine (9:00 - 12:00)

Josh Mejia is on hand to help you ail your troubles. (Steve can also answer some Ember-specific questions as well.)

###  FeedEngine Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jeff and Horace:

* 1:00pm: Hot Streak
* 1:45pm: Travel Hub
* 2:30pm: Snow Meat
* 3:15pm: Tone Line

## 1407

### The Pivot: Check-ins (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jeff:

* 9:15am: Gallery
* 10:00am: Airlift
* 10:45am: Dope Threads

### Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace is waiting with baited breath for your questions.

## 1409

### Ideabox Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Josh Mejia will be on hand to help you take your ideas and pack them into little boxes.

No pressure, but we're really looking forward to featuring some of your projects at the next demo night. No pressure.

### Ideabox Recap and Refactor (1:00 - 4:00)

Let's take a look at IdeaBox from two different angles. Josh Cheek will build on his less from yesterday and talk about how to structure your backend. Steve will help you take a deeper look at your views and client-side code. You'll get a chance to bond with each of them.

You'll also get some time to collaborate and refactor your code.

## 1410

### Intro to Git and Github (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to git smart. Find the lesson plan [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_git.markdown).

### Mythical Creatures Review (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet Jorge. He's pretty awesome. Review Mythical Creatures. Make it all happen in Classroom A.