---
title: 140829
layout: outline
---

## All

### Code Retreat (10:00-12:00)

### Nathan Sobo (1:00-2:00)

Nathan built Atom, the open-source text editor that most of us use. He works at Github.

* [On Twitter](https://twitter.com/nathansobo)
* [On Github](https://github.com/nathansobo)

Some things that you might want to ask Nathan about include:

1. Why did he create Atom?
2. What were the challenges of creating an editor from scratch?
3. What new features are in the pipeline?
4. Was Github supportive of the initiave?
5. What other cool projects is Github working on?

### Retro (2:00-3:00)

#### Group Retro

Please meet in the classroom space at the following times:

* 2:00-2:30 **1406**
* 2:30-3:00 **1407**

#### Personal Retro

When you are not in group retro please work on a personal retrospective
answering one or more of the following questions:

* Did you accomplish what you set out to do over the past six weeks?
* Where's your confidence level in your skills? What was the low-point over
the six week segment? High point?
* What did you learn about your classmates during the class? How did you help
build a group culture? What *role* will you play in the group during the next
class?
* What did you learn about our scoring (personal assessments, project evaluations)
during the class, and how did that influence your personal motivation? What are
the keys to keeping you invested in your work?
* What are you looking forward to about the next class? Why? What are you most
worried about?

### Survey (3:00-4:00)

Please spend these 60 minutes on this week's survey. Make sure to click on the correct cohort!
* [1406 Survey](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/16jTfyP3aBMDi_vpLDcxuxskmvgAx89ILkHlv4WH4r68/viewform)
* [1407 Survey](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1DExoKyCtCJ_rUWZf1i2KpxKXpLMCQnYQ8ZkT318zNrk/viewform)
