---
title: 140808
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Friday Cleanup (8:15-9:00)

First up this morning let's...

* have a bit of community breakfast thanks to our friends at CoverMyMeds
* work on cleaning out the fridge
* clean up our room (put things back, clean up wiring, etc)

### Guest: Katrina Owen (9:00-10:00)

This morning we'll be joined by our good friend Katrina Owen. You can
find out more about Ben here:

* [On Twitter](https://twitter.com/kytrinyx)
* [On GitHub](https://github.com/kytrinyx)

Some things that you might want to ask Katrina about include:

* What reflections does she have now being six-months removed from teaching
gSchool?
* What's it been like to be someone who got into programming "late"?
* How has working in Go day-to-day for the past few months affected the way
she thinks and solves problems?

### Sudoku Throwdown (11:00-12:00)

Lightning talks? We don't need no stinkin' lightning talks!

This morning let's jump into an interesting algorithmic problem: a Sudoku solver. You won't get it built in the hour, but see if you can finish it today.

* Write an algorithm and implementation that can solve any deterministic Sudoku.
* Start with **simple elements** and build up
* If you're not familiar with the problem, [read about it](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku)
* There are many sources for sample boards, [here's one](http://www.nikoli.com/en/puzzles/sudoku/)
* You're welcome to work in pairs or solo at your discretion.
* Of course you should be using TDD and good Ruby practices along the way

### Feedback (3:30-4:00)

Thanks for your feedback on the survey last week. It gives us great things
to think about going into the weekend.

Please spend these 30 minutes on
[this week's survey]().

### Wrapup (4:00)

Finally we'll close out the week all together in the classroom at 4pm.

## 1406

### Retrospective (10:00-11:00)

#### Group Discussion (10:00-10:30)

Meet in the **classroom space** for a group conversation.

#### Personal Writing (10:30-11:00)

Please use the **work area** to complete a personal retro considering some
of the following questions:

* You worked hard on the Blogger and ContactManager over the past week. Did you do them "well"? How do you know? What things do you feel strong in, and which feel week?
* You're halfway through this class. Where are your skills going to be in three weeks? What could you build on your own right now, and what do you think you'll be able to do then? How do you think you'll do in the assessment in the last week?
* We can't really push you through learning, you have to make your own way. What resources (technological, physical, human, etc) are you taking advantage of to propel/accelerate your learning? What can you make better use of? How will you do it?

### 1-on-1s (1:00-3:30)

Schedule will be up by the end of lunch.

## 1407

### Retrospective

#### Personal Writing (10:00-10:30)

Second please use the **work area** to complete a personal retro answering one
or more of the following questions:

* The games were a tough challenge. What were your thoughts about the group's achievement after evaluations and showcase yesterday? Where do you feel you stand in relation to your peers? Is that where you belong?
* You're halfway through this class. Where are your skills going to be in three weeks? What could you build on your own right now, and what do you think you'll be able to do then? How do you think you'll do in the assessment in the last week?
* We can't really push you through learning, you have to make your own way. What resources (technological, physical, human, etc) are you taking advantage of to propel/accelerate your learning? What can you make better use of? How will you do it?

#### Group Discussion (10:30-11:00)

Please meet in the **classroom space** and crunch up to the front left
away from the A/C units so we can actually hear each other.

### 1-on-1s (2:30-3:30)

Schedule will be up by the end of lunch.