---
title: 141003
layout: outline
---

## All

### Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

Thanks 1409 for hooking up some breakfast!

### Guest Speaker: Konstantin Haase (9:00-10:00)

Konstantin is a Ruby developer based in Berlin. He works at Travis CI
by day and many open source projects like Sinatra and Rack in his free time.

Please submit your questions via Google Moderator [here](https://www.google.com/moderator/#15/e=21373c&t=21373c.40).

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/konstantinhaase)
* [Github](https://github.com/rkh)
* [Blog](http://rkh.im/)
* [His many conf talks on Confreaks](http://www.confreaks.com/presenters/408-konstantin-haase)

### Retros (10:00-11:00)

Find your groups' retro plan down below.

### Lightning Talks (11:00 - 12:00)

(Schedule Pending)

### Survey (3:30 - 4:00)

We value your feedback. Please take 30 minutes to tell us about your experience this week.

* [1406]()
* [1407]()
* [1409]()

### Wrap up (4:00 - 4:05)

Regroup at Classroom A to wrap up the day.

## 1406

### Group Retrospective (10:00-10:30)

Reflect on your week with Jeff in Classroom B (Market Street).

### Individual Retrospective (10:30 - 11:00)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* How do you feel about the concept for your self-directed project? How's
progress coming along?
* As you start to turn your attention to job hunting, what do you want to stand
out about yourself and your skills? Why will someone be sure you're the right
fit for them?
* What are your areas of emphasis for your last weeks at Turing? What concrete
steps will you take to step up your game?

## 1407

### Group Retrospective (10:00-10:30)

Reflect on your week with Jorge in Classroom A (Blake Street).

### Individual Retrospective (10:00-10:30)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* Dinner Dash is off to a really great start and your teams seem to be gelling
well. Why? What behaviors and choices are leading to your early momentum? What
will you keep the same and what will you improve over the next two weeks?
* Now that you're into your first real Rails project, where do you feel your
skill level lies? What parts are still confusing and what makes sense? Is the
project helping fill in gaps so far?
* In your small class every person plays a huge role in setting the course for
the group. What's your role? What would people say you're most known for? Is
that the best person you can be? How are you supporting your peers, and how are
they supporting you?

## 1409

### Individual Retrospective (9:30 - 10:00)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* EventReporter is in the bag! As you look towards SalesEngine next week, your
biggest project to date, how do you feel about your progress? What's going better
than expected, and what's lagging behind? Are there any concrete steps you can
take in these next two weeks to step up?
* You have a sense now of most people in the group. Who do you most enjoy working
with? Who do you prefer to avoid? Who do you want to emulate? "Why" to each of
those?
* Where is this taking you? When you graduate in 2015, what do you want to be
doing? Where do you want to end up geographically? What will make a company feel
like the right home for you?

### Group Retrospective (10:30-11:00)

Reflect on your week with Rachel in Classroom A (Blake Street).

## Technical Blogging (1:00-4:00)

This afternoon we'd like you to create and write a post for a technical blog.

*[Add the URL for your production post for week of 2014-10-03.markdown](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/blogging/2014-10-03.markdown)*.

### Platform Options

It really doesn't matter what platform you use. Here are a few options:

* [Our small Middleman (Ruby) app](https://github.com/turingschool/student-blog)
* [Ghost](https://ghost.org/)
* [Octopress](http://octopress.org/)

### Content

Please write and publish a technical blog post on your own
blog. You might consider:

* Exploring/explaining a topic you don't understand well, like the usage of
repetition markers in regular expressions
* Explain a project you've completed and what went right and what went wrong
* Extract a technique that you used in a project or tutorial and explore it a
bit more deeply, like "How to read and write CSV files from Ruby"

Remember that you don't need to be an expert in something to explain it.

## One on Ones (1:00 - 3:15)

#### With Rachel

* 1:00 - Tan Doan
* 1:12 - Andy Mention
* 1:24 - Jim Sutton
* 1:36 - Alan Smith
* 1:48 - Andrew Watkins
* 1:30 - Aaron Wortham
* 1:42 - Emily Davis
* 2:24 - Tim Proctor
* 2:36 - Rolando Navarrete
* 2:48 - Tim Mee
* 3:00 - Daniel Glunz

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Eric Fransen
* 2:12 - Ian Anderson
* 1:24 - Robert Gu
* 1:36 - Luke Aiken
* 1:48 - Hilary Denton
* 1:45 - Horacio Chavez
* 2:02 - Jonmichael Chambers
* 2:24 - Sam Kuhlmann
* 2:36 - Greg Narajka
* 2:48 - Adam Smith
* 3:00 - Alex Jensen

#### With Jorge

* 1:00 - Victoria Harrod
* 1:12 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 1:24 - Cara Dennis
* 1:36 - Glen Egbert
* 1:48 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 2:00 - Chandra Carney
* 2:12 - Christopher Bynum
* 2:24 - Konr Larson
* 2:36 - Chase van Hekken
* 2:48 - Travis Yoder

#### With Jeff

* 1:00 - Will Faurot
* 2:12 - Sara Simon
* 3:24 - David Bayendor
* 1:36 - Allison Larson
* 1:48 - Chad Brading
* 2:00 - Marc Garreau
* 2:12 - Herbert Joseph
* 2:24 - Kate Lane
* 2:36 - Corey Davis
* 2:48 - Kalah Cheek
* 3:00 - Zach Routhier
