---
title: 140606
layout: outline
---

## MicroBlogger (9am-Noon)

This week you've had a lot of vegetables, today it's time for a little dessert. Let's build a Ruby client for interacting with Twitter.

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/microblogger.html

### Pairing

You've done a good job with pairing this week. Today let's add a few pieces to the puzzle.

#### USB Displays

We have a few monitors which magically only need a single USB cord to work. But first you need to install this driver:

http://www.displaylink.com/support/mac_downloads.php

Do it now even if you're not using one of the displays today.

#### ScreenHero

ScreenHero is a pretty slick tool for sharing your computer. You'll find it useful with each other, times when teammates are working from home/elsewhere, and working with mentors. Download, install, and setup an account: http://screenhero.com/download.html

#### Pairs

Please work in the following pairs:

* Will Faurot & Cara Dennis - jsl_demo_01
* Emily Davis & Gustavo Villagrana - jsl_demo_02
* Allison Larson & Jessica Goulding - jsl_demo_03
* Andrew Watkins & Horacio Chavez - jsl_demo_04
* Jonmichael Chambers & Robert Gu - jsl_demo_05
* Marc Garreau & Eric Fransen - jsl_demo_06
* Tim Proctor & Corey Davis - jsl_demo_07
* Hillary Denton & Andy Mention - jsl_demo_08
* Tan Doan & Chad Brading & Alan Smith - jsl_demo_09

## One-On-Ones (1:00-3:00)

This afternoon we'll have our first one-on-ones. They'll last about 10 minutes each.

### With Josh

* 1:00 - Tan Doan
* 1:10 - Chad Brading
* 1:20 - Robert Gu
* 1:30 - Alan Smith
* 1:40 - Horacio Chavez 
* 1:50 - Eric Fransen
* 2:10 - Hillary Denton
* 2:20 - Marc Garreau
* 2:30 - Andrew Watkins

### With Jeff

* 1:00 - Andy Mention
* 1:10 - Jonmichael Chambers
* 1:20 - Emily Davis
* 1:30 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 1:40 - Cara Dennis
* 1:50 - Corey Davis
* 2:10 - Tim Proctor
* 2:20 - Allison Larson
* 2:30 - Will Faurot
* 2:40 - Jessica Goulding

## Retro

### Independent Writing (3:00-3:30)

#### Setup for Writing

* create a folder in your home directory named "retrospectives"
* `cd` into the directory and `git init`
* create a file `week_of_0606.markdown`
* write responses for a few of the questions below
* use all the time available to you for writing

#### Questions for Thinking

* How was this week similar and different from what you thought the class would be like?
* What prep did you do before class? Was it worth it?
* Were there any topics you felt particularly "clicked" this week?
* What the most confusing thing you tried to learn this week? How will you continue to get better at it?
* What caught your eye about your classmates this week?
* What will you focus on to be a valuable part of their learning experience

### Group Discussion (3:35-4:00)

## Weekend Work

By the time we start on Monday you should have finished and feel reasonable comfortable with:

* Ruby in 100 Minutes
* Intro to TDD
* Mythical Creatures
* MicroBlogger
