---
title: 140721
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

This afternoon with your posse please:

* Make sure everyone has ScreenHero setup and add each other as contacts.
Remember to use the same email as your Slack account so you can `/hero` people.
* Send email to your outside mentors to let them know what your up to. Inquire
whether they're available to pair or code review this week.
* Each student member schedule at least one pairing hour with each other
student in the group. This could be used to focus on class work or work on
something like a kata/exercism.

Then, when you finish those, spend the rest of your time getting better at
programming. A few ideas:

* Can you find all prime numbers between 1-10000 using the sieve of Eratosthenes?
* Write an algorithm that, given three sorted collections, can turn them into
a single sorted collection.
* Given a hex-color input, like #F6336A, figure out the dominant resulting color,
like "red" here. Implementing "red", "green", and "blue" should be easy-ish, but
can you handle variations like "purple" (high blue + red)?

## 1406

### Warmup

For warmup this morning, please dive into the following Exercism exercise:

```
exercism fetch ruby/binary
```

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (9:00-Noon)

We didn't implement any tests while building IdeaBox, and that's not a
good thing. Today we'll learn how to test web apps using Capybara.

During our session, we'll cover the following topics,

1. What is a feature test
2. How to setup Capybara with Sinatra
3. How to template a feature test
4. The essential Capybara searching features
5. The essential Capybara interaction features
6. How to debug a feature test

### Scraping & Parsing with Nokogiri (1:00-3:00)

### Lightning Talk Prep (4:00)

It's finally time to start Lightning Talks. Here are the groupings:

* Week of 7/28: Chad Brading, Gustavo Villagrana, Hilary Denton, Corey Davis
* Week of 8/4: Marc Garreau, Emily Davis, Robert Gu, Jonmichael Chambers
* Week of 8/11: Eric Fransen, Alan Smith, Andrew Watkins, Allison Larson
* Week of 8/18: Horacio Chavez, Tim Proctor, Tan Doan, Will Faurot, Andy Mention

## 1407

### Warmup

This morning please spend your warmup time getting started with Exercism.io.

You can follow these directions:

The process includes:

* Setup an account on the site
* Download/run the command line interface (CLI) program
* It'll ask for your username and API key from the site
* Pick where you want to store your exercises (`~/exercism/` is a good choice)

If you're doing things much more complicated than that, you're probably doing
the wrong thing.

If you get it setup, then go ahead and fetch/begin the first exercise.

### Mythical Creatures Diagnostic (9:00-Noon)

This morning you'll complete a 1-on-1 diagnostic with Rachel or Jeff. The
purpose is to establish a baseline skill level so we can see how you grow over
the coming weeks.

[Read and follow the setup instructions ahead of time here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/mythical_creatures.html)

#### With Jeff

* 9:30 - Aaron Paul Wortham
* 10:00 - Rolando Navarette
* 10:30 - Cara Dennis
* 11:00 - Sara Simon
* 11:30 - Jessica Goulding

#### With Rachel

* 9:30 - Jim Sutton
* 10:00 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 10:30 - Luke Aiken
* 11:00 - Glen Egbert
* 11:30 - Ian Anderson

### Objects & Methods (9:00-Noon)

When you're not doing the diagnostic, please work on the [Objects & Methods
exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises/tree/master/objects-and-methods)
working in the following pairs:

* Aaron Paul Wortham & Jim Sutton
* Rolando Navarette & Kavita Sachdeva
* Cara Dennis & Luke Aiken
* Sara Simon & Glen Egbert
* Jessica Goulding & Ian Anderson

### Command/Query (1:00-3:00)

This afternoon please complete [the Command/Query exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises/tree/master/command-query)
working in the following pairs:

* Aaron Paul Wortham & Rolando Navarette
* Cara Dennis & Sara Simon
* Jessica Goulding & Jim Sutton
* Kavita Sachdeva & Luke Aiken
* Glen Egbert & Ian Anderson
