---
title: 140825
layout: outline
---

## 1406

### Intro to jQuery (9:00-10:30)

Today you will learn with Jorge the basics about jQuery, a powerful tool to make your websites interactive.

During the class you will cover the following,

* What is jQuery and why you should learn it.
* What is the Document Object Model (DOM).
* How to setup jQuery.
* How to use jQuery to manipulate the DOM.

### Storing State with Cookies & Sessions (10:30-12:00)

We're starting to experiment with more structured Lesson Plans.
[Find the plan for this session here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/storing_state_with_cookies_and_sessions.markdown).

### Assessments & Project Work Time (1:00-3:00)

We will do a second assessment of your progress. Pay particular attention to the rubric and try to understand how you can raise/lower your scores. Make sure that you are prepared before your session.

You can find the assessment and the setup instructions [here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/scrabble_web.html).

When you are not being assessed, please work on Dinner Dash.

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Emily Davis
* 2:00 - Robert Gu (Steve Observing)

#### With Rachel

* 1:00 - Tim Proctor
* 2:00 - Horacio Chavez

#### With Jorge

* 1:00 - Gustavo Villagrana (Steve Observing)
* 2:00 - Corey Davis

## 1407

### Assessments & Project Work Time (9:00-12:00)

Today we will do an assessment of your progress. Pay particular attention to the rubric and try to understand how you can raise/lower your scores. No one finishes the entire thing in the 45 minutes.

You can find your assessment [here]( http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/scrabble.html).

When you are not being assessed, please work on SalesEngine.

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Glen Egbert
* 9:45 - Luke Aiken
* 10:30 - Kavita Sachdeva

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Rolando Navarrete
* 9:45 - Ian Andersen (Steve Observing)
* 10:30 - Sara Simon
* 11:15 - Aaron Paul Wortham

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Jessica Goulding (Steve Observing)
* 9:45 - Cara Dennis

#### With Steve

* 11:15 - Jim Sutton

### Refactoring Patterns Part 2 (1:00-3:00)

We're starting to experiment with more structured Lesson Plans.
[Find the plan for this session here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/refactoring_patterns_part_two.markdown).

## Everybody

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

Please work with your posse on the following,

* 3:00-3:15 Posse Business: Catch up with some posse related email, update your mentors, and start scheduling your mentor appointments.
* 3:15-3:45 Gilded Rose Kata: Work on this refactoring exercise for 30 minutes. You can find the repo [here](https://github.com/jimweirich/gilded_rose_kata).
* 3:45-4:00 Code Showcase: Share with your posse members your implementation of the Gilded Rose Kata. How could you improve your solution? Which recommendations do you have for your peers?

### Wrapup (4:00)

We'll close out the week all together in the classroom at 4pm.

### Lightning Talks

We'll skip lighting talks this week. We want you to focus on finishing your projects and your assessments.
