---
title: 140819
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Here's a puzzle for you:

Imagine you run a soccer league and you need to create a schedule. Each team
plays only one game per week on Saturday.

#### Easy

Your league has eight teams. Generate (to the screen or to a file), a schedule that has each team play each other team exactly once.

#### Medium

Your league has two divisions of eight teams. Each team should play the other
teams in their division twice and the teams in the other division just once.

#### Hard

Your league has four divisions of eight teams. Each team should play each team
in their division twice and any two teams from each other division.

## 1406

### Dinner Dash Check-Ins & Work Time (9:00-Noon)

This morning you should push forward on Dinner Dash and meet for the check-in sessions below.

The key things we want to see/discuss are:

* You're more than halfway done. There should be a "thing" that actually delivers
some value. Can a customer see the products available? Can they add them to a cart?
Can they check out?
* Have you tackled the creation and usage of the cart? How does a cart become
an order?
* You probably should have some start of an admin interface. Can items be added
through the site? Can you see orders?
* What's your project timeline look like for the next week? Will you be cutting
scope or adding extras?
* Any blocking questions or issues?

#### With Jorge

* 9:00-10:00 -- Emily Davis, Tim Proctor, Gustavo Villagrana, Robert Gu

#### With Josh

* 9:00-10:00 -- Horacio Chávez, Corey Davis, Tan Doan, Hilary Denton
* 10:00-11:00 -- Andrew Watkins, Jonmichael Chambers, Marc Garreau, Chad Brading

#### With Rachel

* 11:00-12:00 -- Allison Larson, Andy Mention, Alan Smith, Will Faurot, Eric Fransen

### JS Outside a Browser (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon Steve will work with you on using JavaScript away from a browser.

### Getting Started with Jasmine (2:30-4:00)

Then Jorge will follow up with an introduction to the Jasmine testing framework.

## 1407

### Encapsulating Responsibilities (9:00-10:30)

First up today, Rachel will work with you in the **classroom** on understanding responsibilities and encapsulation.

### Connecting Two Verticals (10:30-Noon)

Then Jeff will use the **classroom** to discuss how you should architect the communication between clases in your Sales Engine projects.

### SalesEngine Work Time (1:00-4:00)

This afternoon you should connect with your pair and get to work!
