---
title: 140625
layout: outline
---

## Retrospective

### Individual (9:00-9:30)

Start a new retro file and work on writing about some of the following topics:

* EventReporter: What did you think about pairing with the same person for a
whole week? What were the plusses and minuses? Do you think you carried your weight?
Were you a good person to work with?
* As you go into your first 10-day project next week, what will you try to do the
same and what will you try to do differently?
* We're four weeks in as of today, 23 left. Are you on a pace you can sustain?
Are you managing your schedule effectively? What outside factors will influence
your success?

### Group (9:35-10:00)

## Revisiting the Object Model

This morning we welcome back Josh who will lead another conversation about the
Ruby object model.

## Posse Meetings (11:00-noon)

Then get together with your posse and setup Exercism:

http://exercism.io

Start out on the Ruby version of "Bob" and get it submitted by the end of the weekend.

## Afternoon (1:00-4:00)

When you're not in 1-on-1s this afternoon, revisit some piece of our past work
or Ruby itself that's giving you trouble. You're strongly encouraged to work with
at least one other person.

### 1-on-1s

### With Jeff


* 1:00 - Tan Doan
* 1:20 - Chad Brading
* 1:40 - Robert Gu
* 2:00 - Alan Smith
* 2:20 - Horacio Chavez
* 2:40 - Allison Larson

### With Jorge

* 1:00 - Eric Fransen
* 1:20 - Hillary Denton
* 1:40 - Marc Garreau
* 2:00 - Andrew Watkins
* 2:20 - Will Faurot
* 2:40 - Jessica Goulding

### With Josh

* 1:00 - Andy Mention
* 1:20 - Emily Davis
* 1:40 - Cara Dennis
* 2:00 - Corey Davis
* 2:20 - Tim Proctor
* 2:40 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 3:00 - Jonmichael Chambers
