---
title: 140721
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

Today we'll meet up in reformulated posses. You should get an email during
the day about your new group. During your posse meeting, complete these tasks:

* Create a Google Calendar for your posse. You can use this calendar to request
pairing sessions, set posse meetups, etc.
* Invite all posse members (students and mentors) to the calendar.
* Create and share a Google Doc to store contact info for your posse: name,
email, Twitter, Github, phone, blog...
* Compose an email introducing yourself to your posse.
* Use Google, Github, Twitter, etc. to research your posse mentors.

Done? Play the Mastermind game that 1406s created. 1406s: show and explain the
code that makes the game work.


## 1406

Today your number one mission is to meet 1407 and see what they're all about.
Then...

### Code Retreat (9:00-12:00)

This morning we'll do a code retreat to get you back in the mindset. The only
things you need to do ahead of time are:

* clone this repository:[https://github.com/turingschool/code_retreat](https://github.com/turingschool/code_retreat)
* read the Robot README in `code_retreat/robot/README.md`

### WebGuesser (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon you should rip through a short Sinatra tutorial:

[WebGuesser](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/web_guesser.html)

Rachel will be available for questions while you work.

### IdeaBox Kickoff (2:30-3:00)

Then Jeff will help you kick off the IdeaBox project:

[http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html)

This is an individual project that's due this Thursday 7/24 at 1pm. It starts
with a guided tutorial, then you'll build a handful of extensions on your own.

Thursday afternoon, 3-4pm, we'll have a "showcase" with 1407 for you to show
off the best and most interesting parts of your work.

## 1407

Welcome!

### Who You Are

* Glen Egbert
* Ian Anderson
* Kavita Sachdeva
* Jim Sutton
* Aaron Paul Wortham
* Luke Aiken
* Sara Simon
* Rolando Navarrete
* Cara Dennis
* Jessica Goulding

### Building the Space (9:00-2:00?)

As much as possible we want you to feel like owners of the space, not just
people who hang out here. To that end, we spend the bulk of the first day
building and arranging furniture.

The room is currently in a "good enough" state for one class, we need to get
it ready for running the two classes simultaneously. That means:

* Relocating long-term storage items over to the other room
* Building the new storage shelves (Ikea boxes) to finish the mid-room divider
* Build new desks and chairs
* Setup small work areas
* Reorganize the couches
* Build storage boxes and have people nametag them

### Laptop Setup (2:00-3:00)

#### Laptop Distribution

If you're taking a laptop from us we'll record the serial number then it's all
yours!

#### Environment Setup

Then you need to make sure you have Homebrew, RVM, and Ruby 2.1 setup.

Follow [this setup tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html)
but you can *skip the part about PostgreSQL* for now.
