---
title: 141104
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Take a look at the text for [The Cat in the Hat](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/d60c17fdcfb258f6d416).

* Can you parse it to figure out how many times each word appears in the story?
  * Which word appears the most?
  * How many words are there in total?
* Did you consider capitalization?
* What about punctuation?
* What about spacing?
* Can you solve in JavaScript? Go? C? Assembly?

### Lightning Talkers (4:05 - 4:45)

Meet with Jorge to talk about lightning.

## 1406

### Work Time and Check-ins (9:00-12:00)

Jorge will be around all morning for questions.

Horace will also be around for questions from 11:00-12:00.

Jeff will be doing brief client meetings:

* 10:00am: Travel Hub
* 10:20am: Hot Streak
* 10:40am: Tone Line
* 11:00am: Snowcial

### Key-Based Caching (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Jeff in Classroom A. Here is the [lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/key_based_caching.markdown).

### Improving Database Query Performance (2:30 - 4:00)

Continue with Jeff in Classroom A to learn about database optimization.
We'll [use this tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/queries.html).

## 1407

### Work Time and Check-ins (9:00-12:00)

Jorge will be around all morning for questions.

Horace will be around for questions from 11:00 to 12:00 as well.

Jeff will be doing quick check-ins starting at 11:30. Meet him by the three-dimensional printer.

* 11:30: Airlift
* 11:40: Gallery
* 11:50: Dope Threads

### Auditing & Improving the Security of Rails Applications (1:00-2:30)

Join Steve in Classroom B.

This afternoon, you'll be conducting a security audit on your colleague's applications using `breakman`.

1. Install Brakeman using `gem install brakeman`.
2. Clone the repository.
3. Create issues on your colleague's repository outlining the nature of each issue that Brakeman alerts you to.
4. Fork the repository and try to solve the issue as a pair.
5. Submit a pull request for a code review.

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Rolando Navarrete and Kavita Sachdeva looking at Gallery
* Jim Sutton and Sara Simon looking at Dope Threads
* Luke Aiken, Glen Egbert and Ian Andersen looking at Airlift
* Jessica Goulding and Aaron Paul Worthan looking at Dope Threads

#### Extension: Auditing the Performance of Your Database Queries

Use the `bullet` gem to conduct an audit of the database queries. `bullet` alerts you to suboptimal database queries.

* [Bullet](https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet)

### Revisiting ActiveRecord Relationships (2:30-4:00)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom B.

We'll be discussing:

* A recap of one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-many
* Polymorphic relationships in ActiveRecord

Clone the [Storedom](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom) repo for a series of exercises.

## 1409

### HTTP Basic Authentication (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom B to talk about HTTP Basic Authentication. Here's the [lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/http_auth.markdown).

### View Templating (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom B to talk about the inner workings of view templating in Ruby and Sinatra with Steve.

We'll working with [this repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/feel-good-bot) and you'll be working in the following pairs.

* Adam Smith and Chase van Hekken
* Danny Glunz and David Bayendor
* Timothy Mee and Sam Kuhlmann
* Chandra Carney and Kate Lane
* Konr Josef Larson and Victoria Harrod
* Herbert Joseph and Travis Yoder
* Zachary Routhier, Gregory Narajka, and Alex Jensen

### Clone Wars Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

You'll have some time to work on your Clone Wars project.

You'll also have checkins with Josh Cheek:

* 1:00 - 1:30: Herbert Joseph & Danny Glunz & Kate Lane
* 1:30 - 2:00: Travis Yoder & Chase van Hekken & Zachary Routhier
* 2:30 - 3:00: Sam Kuhlmann & Alex Jensen & David Bayendor
* 3:00 - 3:30: Chandra Carney & Adam Smith & Victoria Harrod
* 3:30 - 4:00: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Konr Josef Laron

## 1410

### Diagnostics

You'll be working though the [Mythical Creatures diagnostic](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/mythical_creatures.html) with an instructor based on the following schedule.

#### With Josh Mejia

* 9:00 - 9:30: Alexandra Robinson
* 9:30 - 10:00: Emily Berkeley
* 10:00 - 10:30: Bhargavi Satpathy
* 10:30 - 11:00: Bryce Holcomb
* 11:00 - 11:30: Lydia Shafer
* 11:30 - 12:00: Orion Osborn

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - 9:30: Kalah Cheek
* 9:30 - 10:00: Michael Dao
* 10:00 - 10:30: Christopher Luhring
* 10:30 - 11:00: Rich Shea
* 11:00 - 11:30: Edward McCarthy
* 11:30 - 12:00: Lori Culberson

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 - 9:30: Dustin Gault
* 9:30 - 10:00: Jeffrey Wan
* 10:00 - 10:30: Juan Manuel Navarro
* 10:30 - 11:00: Nathan Owsiany
* 11:00 - 11:30: Laura Whalin
* 11:30 - 12:00: Brandon Mrsny

#### With Horace

* 9:00 - 9:30: Scott Crawford
* 9:30 - 10:00: Krista A Nelson
* 10:00 - 10:30: Kit Pearson
* 10:30 - 11:00: Andrew Overby

### Ideabox TDD (9:00-12:00)

Use Classroom A to complete this exercise. Sorry that, because of assessments,
there won't be anyone dedicated to questions during your work time.

It's time to start your most sizable tutorial yet,
[IdeaBox-TDD](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/ideabox/tdd_minitest.html).

Please spend the morning working on it with the pair below and finish it by
the start of the day tomorrow.

#### Pairs

* Andrew Overby and Christopher Luhring
* Alexandra Robinson and Jeffrey Wan
* Scott Crawford and Michael Dao
* Edward McCarthy and Kalah Cheek
* Nathan Owsiany and Brandon Mrsny
* Emily Berkeley and Kit Pearson
* Bryce Holcomb and Lori Culberson
* Rich Shea and Laura Whalin
* Krista A Nelson and Dustin Gault
* Juan Manuel Navarro and Lydia Shafer
* Orion Osborn and Bhargavi Satpathy

### Enumerable Methods (1:00-4:00)

Start in Classroom C with Rachel. Lesson outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown).

#### Introduction

Then let's have a quick chat about the overarching concepts behind the Enumerable methods.

* Programming is about collections
* *Iterating* over a collection: `each`, `map`/`collect`, `inject`, `sort_by`
* *Filtering* a collection: `select`, `detect`, `min`, `max`
* Typically take a block and run it once for each element
* The right enumerable method can save you time/effort
* But everything can be done with `each`

#### Exercises in Pairs

Once we've finished the group discussion you should dive into
[these enumerable exercises](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/enums-exercises)

Working in the following pairs:

#### Pairs

* Andrew Overby and Krista A Nelson
* Brandon Mrsny and Rich Shea
* Nathan Owsiany and Orion Osborn
* Scott Crawford and Bryce Holcomb
* Kit Pearson and Jeffrey Wan
* Edward McCarthy and Juan Manuel Navarro
* Michael Dao and Emily Berkeley
* Lydia Shafer and Christopher Luhring
* Bhargavi Satpathy and Lori Culberson
* Alexandra Robinson and Dustin Gault
* Laura Whalin and Kalah Cheek
