---
title: 140804
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Please complete [this logic problem](http://cl.ly/1M0B1j273Q1R) solo,
then vote for your answers on the front board.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00-4:00)

We'll have some suggestions here about how to spend your posse time.
Refresh this outline about 2:30.

## 1406

### Web Applications with Ruby Midway Assessment (9:00-Noon)

It's time for an assessment on Sinatra skills, but you're skills need more
refinement.

This morning we'll work on the assessment itself in a non-evaluative context.

#### Session 1: Solo (9:00-10:00)

Let's pretend you're in test mode. Attempt to complete the Challenges
in the assessment on your own.

[SinatraCMS Assessment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/sinatra_cms.html)

#### Session 2: Pair Redux (10:00-11:00)

In this second session you need to:

* Find a pair
* Get back to the original SinatraCMS (git reset or checkout a new copy)
* Work through the challenges again from the beginning

Think of this as more like our assessments. You both kind of know where
the problem is going, but still stay grounded in the problem/solution
process. Don't try to "remember" what you did before, just solve the problem
as it emerges.

#### Session 3: Pair Nouveau (11:00-Noon)

Finally let's push into a new problem.

* Find a *new* pairing partner
* Get back to the original SinatraCMS
* Jump right to Challenge 3

We're assuming that you haven't gotten to Challenge 3 in the previous iterations, so this should be a fresh problem. Tackle it with your pair.

### Understanding MVC (1:00-2:30)

Meet with Jeff in the **classroom space** to discuss MVC.

#### Key Ideas

* Server IP and Port
* Front-end Web Server
* Web application server
* Receiving the Request - Router
* Processing the Request - Controller
* Business Logic & Database - Model
* Output Template - View
* Returning HTML

Here's [an illustration of the whole flow](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/images/rails_mvc.png).

### Understanding REST (2:30-4:00)

Meet with Rachel in the **classroom space** to discuss REST.

## 1407

### Mastermind/Battleship Pairing & Work (9:00-3:00)

It seems like the games are proving difficult. Let's do some pairing today to help you over major hurdles and make sure you're on a path to success.

When you're *not* pairing with an instructor, work on the project on your own.

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Ian Anderson
* 10:00 - Jessica Goulding
* 11:00 - Cara Dennis
* 1:00 - Luke Aiken
* 2:00 - Aaron Paul Wortham

#### With Jorge

* 10:00 - Sara Simon
* 11:00 - Rolando Navarette
* 1:00 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 2:00 - Jim Sutton

#### With Jeff

* 10:00 - Glen Egbert
