---
title: 140918
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Since two groups have projects due today we won't have a prescribed warmup.

### Denver Startup Week

We'll start setting up the rooms
at 2pm and expect people to arrive about 3pm. We should be done by 5pm.

This is a really great opportunity to find the next awesome students for Turing,
so we greatly appreciate your help. We need about 16 helpers for this afternoon.
Please jump into #startupweek on Slack if you're in.

## 1406

Today's a big work day when you're not in your second check-in meetings.

* 9:00 - Keevahh
* 9:45 - EmployMe
* 10:30 - Airlift
* 11:15 - TravelHome

Remember that your project should be deployed to production!

## 1407

### Clone Wars Evaluations & Peer Review (9:00-12:00)

This morning we'll evaluate your projects and you'll take a look at each other's
work.

#### Evaluations

Please meet with Rachel in the Blake Street Work Space at the following times:

* 9:00 - Team A: Cara Dennis & Jim Sutton & Kavita Sachdeva & Rolando Navarrete
* 10:00 - Team B: Sara Simon & Ian Andersen & Glen Egbert
* 11:00 - Team C: Jessica Goulding & Luke Aiken & Aaron Paul Wortham

#### Peer Review

When you're not doing your evaluation please do a bit of review to solidify
your own skills.

You should:

* Find the project repo URL in the submissions file
* Fork the project you're evaluating
* Clone it to your local machine
* Get it running locally
* Find an area for improvement
* Start a feature branch locally
* Build out the improvement guided by tests
* Commit the improvement locally
* Push the feature branch to your fork
* Submit a pull request back to the original project

In two hours you can likely build/improve two aspects of the app leading to
two different pull requests.

* Cara Dennis improves Team B
* Jim Sutton improves Team C
* Kavita Sachdeva improves Team B
* Rolando Navarrete improves Team C
* Sara Simon improves Team A
* Ian Andersen improves Team C
* Glen Egbert improves Team A
* Jessica Goulding improves Team B
* Luke Aiken reviews Team A
* Aaron Paul Wortham reviews Team B

### Recap & Refactor (1:00-2:00)

This afternoon you can choose from two sessions:

* Jorge will look at strengths and weaknesses of your feature testing
* Steve will work through ways to push logic down the stack from your `app.rb`

## 1409

### Ruby's Object Model (9:00-12:00)

Meet Josh in Classroom B (Market Street) to discuss Ruby's object model.

### Encapsulating Responsibilities (1:00-2:00)

This afternoon work with Rachel in Classroom B (Market Street) on Encapsulating
Responsibilities.
