---
title: 140806
layout: outline
---

## Everyone

### Warmup

Let's try another small warmup exercise in pairs.

#### Challenge

[Word Rotation](https://github.com/turingschool/thinking_in_algorithms/blob/master/challenges/word_rotation.markdown)

#### Pairings

* Tim Proctor & Cara Dennis
* Alan Smith & Aaron Paul Wortham
* Jonmichael Chambers & Kavita Sachdeva
* Eric Fransen & Ian Anderson
* Robert Gu & Glen Egbert
* Allison Larson & Rolando Navarette
* Will Faurot & Luke Aiken
* Gustavo Villagrana & Sara Simon
* Horacio Chavez & Jessica Goulding
* Emily Davis & Jim Sutton
* Tan Doan & Corey Davis
* Chad Brading & Marc Garreau
* Andrew Watkins & Hilary Denton

## 1406

### Acceptance Testing with Phantom & Poltergeist (9:00-10:30)

First up morning you'll meet with Josh in the **classroom** to
learn about testing your JavaScript.

### Unit Testing Rails Models (10:30-Noon)

Next you'll work with Jorge in the **classroom** to look at
unit testing Rails models.

### ContactManager Work Time (1:00-4:00)

Then this afternoon you're in the **workspace** to push
forward on your ContactManager tutorial.

## 1407

### Games Pairing & Work Time (9:00-Noon)

This morning let's try something a little different.

#### Pairings

#### Procedure

From 9:00-10:30, the two of you should pair program, working
on the first listed person's project.

From 10:30-Noon, the two of you should pair, working on the
second listed person's project.

#### Focus: Tagging

You've had some good exposure to pairing, but you don't have
a lot of "tooling" around how to be a good pair.

One simple idea to practice today is *tag*.

You **must** have two keyboards to pair effectively.
When you're ready to take control of the typing, you
say *tag*. If you're typing and you hear *tag*, it means
hands up/off the keyboard immediately, mid-word.

An effective pair is tagging at least every 90 seconds. Try
that today. It'll feel cheesy at first, but stick with it.
