---
title: 141215
layout: outline
---

## All

### Meet and Greet (8:00 - 9:00)

We'll skip warm ups today because 1412 will be meeting the instructors at 8:30. Please take some time to introduce yourselves to anyone and everyone from the new cohort.

1412 is going to work on Classroom A and the workspace on that
side today. We'd like to break down all the tables and so they
can be reorganized and re-leveled. We'd love a little help before
class starts.

### Posse Meeting Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Today, you'll meet in your new posses. Every posse will have a least one new member in it. So, you'll have to update some things and reintroduce yourselves.

#### Introduce yourself to your posse by answering the following questions

* Name and cohort?
* Where are you from originally?
* What brought you to Turing?
* What excites you most about the next six weeks at Turing?
* What do you think you dream job would be after graduating from Turing?
* What non-programming experience in your life do you think has best prepared you for being a developer?

#### Take care of administrative affairs

* Create/share a Google Calendar for your posse. You can use this calendar to request pairing sessions, set posse meet-ups, etc.
* Invite all posse members (students and mentors) to the calendar.
* Create and share a Google Doc to store contact info for your posse: name, email, Twitter, Github, phone, blog…
* Join the Slack channel for your posse

#### Find some common ground

* Your posse is named after a well known computer scientist. Who is this person and why are their contributions significant?
* What is a core value of your posse? Some examples: grit, perseverance. Why is this value important to being a developer?

#### Gather some intelligence

* Use Google, Github, Twitter, etc. to research your posse mentors. Even if your mentors haven't changed from last module, they might be up to something new and interesting.

#### Pass down some wisdom

* What should 1412 know about life at Turing? (e.g. time management, the extra set of bathrooms on the first floor and in the new space, the waffle truck)
* What should 1410 know about module two?
* What should 1409 know about module three?
* What are some habits you wish you formed early on? (e.g. technical blogging, warm-ups, reading)

### Lightning Talk Preparation (4:05 - 4:45)

If Jorge hasn't approved your lightning talk topic just yet, Steve will be available to help you brain storm topics and ideas.

You should [review the lightning talks instructions here](https://github.com/turingschool/lightning_talks).

## 1407

### Consuming APIs (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in the Big Workspace to consume some APIs.

### Mocking & Doubling APIs (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Horace in the Big Workspace to talk about mocking and testing third-party API.

### Feed Engine Kick-off (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Steve in Classroom A to receive pertinent information about your next project: FeedEngine.

* [Assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/feed_engine/feed_engine.html)
* [Concepts](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/feed_engine/feed_engine_concepts.html)

You'll work in the following groups:

* Sara Simon & Aaron Paul Wortham & Jim Sutton & Ian Andersen
* Kavita Sachdeva & Glen Egbert & Rolando Navarrete & Luke Aiken

## 1409

### Understanding Multi-tenancy

Meet with Jorge in Classroom C to talk multi-tenancy.

### Kickoff: The Pivot

Stick around with Jorge in Classroom C as he introduces your next project: [The Pivot](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/the_pivot.html).

This project will be completed in teams of three with a final due date of Thursday, January 8.

You'll work in the following groups:

* Herbert Joseph & Gregory Narajka & Chandra Carney & Adam Smith working with [ExpressGo](https://github.com/dglunz/dinner_dash)
* Sam Kuhlmann & Victoria Harrod & Alex Jensen & Danny Glunz working with [Crossroads Lodge](https://github.com/larsonkonr/dinner_dash)
* Travis Yoder & Chase van Hekken & Kate Lane & David Bayendor working with [Los Amigos Gordos](https://github.com/Tmee/Dinner-Dash)
* Timothy Mee & Konr Josef Larson & Zachary Routhier working with [Nokogiri Sushi](https://github.com/chandracarney/dinner-dash)

### Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Horace will be on hand for all your pivoting needs.

## 1410

### HTML & CSS Basics (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom B to cover the basics of HTML and CSS.

### HTML & CSS Workshop (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Josh to add some pizazz to [the Turing Bistro](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/turing-bistro).

You'll work in the following pairs:

* Brandon Mrsny & Rich Shea
* Chris Luhring & Bhargavi Satpathy
* Emily Berkeley & Lydia Shafer
* Laura Whalin & Jeffrey Wan
* Orion Osborn & Bryce Holcomb
* Michael Dao & Nathan Owsiany
* Kit Pearson & Alexandra Robinson
* Scott Crawford & Krista A Nelson

### Introduction to Sinatra (1:00 - 1:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C to review Sinatra.

### WebGuesser (1:30 - 2:30)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom C to work on your first Sinatra app, [WebGuesser](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/web_guesser.html).

### Kickoff: IdeaBox (2:30 - 3:00)

Then Rachel will help you kick off the [IdeaBox](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/idea_box.html) project in Classroom C.

This is an individual project that's due this Thursday 12/18 at 2pm. It starts with a guided tutorial, then you'll build a handful of extensions on your own.

## 1412

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Gather in Classroom A to meet the staff:

* Jeff Casimir
* Jorge Téllez
* Rachel Warbelow
* Steve Kinney
* Raissa Shafer
* Josh Mejia
* Horace Williams

### Building Your Workspace (9:00 - 11:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to build your workspace and your team.

### Beginning Machine Setup (11:00 - 12:00)

Every developer needs to setup their own development environment. Please join Jeff in Classroom A and follow [this tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html) to configure your laptop.

When your machine is setup, work through our [terminal introduction](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/workshops/terminal_and_editor.html).

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

Get to know the staff and your fellow students at a group lunch in Classroom A and the workspace.

### Finishing Machine Setup (12:00 - 1:00)

We'll pick up from where we left off, but in Classroom B.

### How to Learn at Turing (2:00 - 3:00)

Our program is a collaborative project-based learning environment. Join Jeff in Classroom B to get some advice on how to get the most out of the program.

Key Ideas:

* Paint-by-Numbers and Baking
* Have-To and Want-To
* Be Ridiculous
* Weekly Structure
* Getting the Most from Class Sessions
* Work Time during the Day
* Evaluations & Assessments
* Posse Time
* Fridays: Retro, 1-on-1s, Guests
* Your Cohort is Different
