---
title: 140912
layout: outline
---

## All

### Breakfast (8:30-9:00)

Chat, smile and eat some breakfast at Blake. Courtesy of Gu's Happy Kitchen & Friends.

### Lightning Talks (10:00-11:00)

Regroup at Blake for the first ever 1406 / 1407 crossover lightning talks. Expect a sudden flow of electric wisdom.

* Sara Simon - STEM to STEAM
* Will Faurot - Programming Languages
* Horacio Chavez - Standing on the Shoulders of Giants
* Ian Andersen - Genetic Algorithms with Ruby Processing
* Tim Proctor - Elixir
* Andy Mention - Django
* Jim Sutton - Sass
* Tan Doan - DevOps Tools

### Guest Speaker: Ben Voss (11:00-12:00)

Add at least one question for Ben Voss on [Google Moderator](https://www.google.com/moderator/#16/e=20f413) and make sure to vote for your favorite questions.

Ben attended college at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, majoring in Chinese language and literature, and international studies. After a few years in Beijing, he decided that he wanted to write software. He now works at [8th Light](http://www.8thlight.com).

* [Github](https://github.com/bwvoss)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/benvoss)
* [Blog](http://blog.8thlight.com/ben-voss/archive.html)

### 1-on-1s (1:00-3:30)

#### With Rachel at Market

* 1:00 - Robert Gu
* 1:10 - Eric Fransen
* 1:20 - Andy Mention
* 1:30 - David Bayendor
* 1:40 - Marc Garreau
* 1:50 - Tan Doan
* 2:00 - **Break**
* 2:10 - Adam Smith
* 2:20 - Travis Yoder
* 2:30 - Chase van Hekken
* 2:40 - Kavita Sachdeva
* 2:50 - Gustavo Villagrana
* 3:00 - Alex Jensen
* 3:10 - Christopher Bynum

#### With Jeff at Blake

* 1:40 - Rolando Navarrete
* 1:50 - Ian Anderson
* 2:00 - Daniel Glunz
* 2:10 - Herbert Joseph
* 2:20 - Sara Simon
* 2:30 - Glen Egbert
* 2:40 - Luke Aiken
* 2:50 - Jim Sutton
* 3:00 - Jessica Goulding
* 3:10 - Cara Dennis

#### With Jorge at Blake

* 1:00 - Alan Smith
* 1:10 - Horacio Chavez
* 1:20 - Corey Davis
* 1:30 - Tim Proctor
* 1:40 - Chandra Carney
* 1:50 - Zach Routhier

#### With Steve at Blake

* 1:00 - Emily Davis
* 1:10 - Jonmichael Chambers
* 1:20 - Andrew Watkins
* 1:30 - Allison Larson
* 1:40 - Aaron Wortham
* 1:50 - Kalah Cheek
* 2:00 - **Break**
* 2:10 - Sam Kuhlmann
* 2:20 - Kate Lane
* 2:30 - Victoria Harrod
* 2:40 - Will Faurot
* 2:50 - Tim Mee
* 3:00 - Konr Larson
* 3:10 - Hilary Denton

### End-of-Week Survey (3:30-4:00)

Please work on this week's survey. Your feedback is very important to us.

* [1406](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Yxyz_qSX3xb6AE-mDHg6GQQnuDwMeLewzItGJ6OdwZs/viewform?usp=send_form)
* [1407](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1kJyG7zeEMEXG7DAHCUXMGfDa0CZLaIX1QWF6BbLAkww/viewform?usp=send_form)
* [1409](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1qb0Y10AfAGlbKUY1WzsnM7SA4wWW4SESoRwW-MaNjdA/viewform?usp=send_form)

## 1406

### Group Retrospective (9:00-9:30)

Join Jeff at Classroom B for your group's retrospective.

### Individual Retrospective (9:30-10:00)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* How do you feel on this first week of Module 3? What's your strategy this time?
* What are the main challenges that you are facing in this project?
* How is it to work with a code base that you did not write?
* Is your team better organized after this week's classes on project management and git workflow? Which techniques are you implementing?

## 1407

### Individual Retrospective (9:00-9:30)

Work on a personal retrospective answering one or more of the following questions:

* How do you feel on this first week of second module at Turing? What's your strategy this time?
* What do you think about working guided by tutorials? Do you miss project work in pairs?
* How do feel about building a Sinatra app? Does programming feel more real now?
* How confident do you feel about your understanding of the web?

### Group Retrospective (9:30-10:00)

Join Jorge at Classroom A for your group's retrospective.

### Clone Wars Kickoff (1:00-1:30)

Meet Jeff in the Blake Street Classroom to kickoff Clone Wars.

Ahead of time, check out the [Clone Wars assignment](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/clone_wars.html).

The project is due for evaluation at 9AM on Thursday 9/18.

#### Groupings

* Cara Dennis & Jim Sutton & Kavita Sachdeva & Rolando Navarrete
* Sara Simon & Ian Andersen & Glen Egbert
* Jessica Goulding & Luke Aiken & Aaron Paul Wortham

## 1409

### Group Retrospective (9:00-9:30)

Join Rachel at Classroom A for your group's retrospective.

### Individual Retrospective (9:30-10:00)

#### Setup for Writing

* Create a folder in your home directory named "retrospectives"
* `cd` into the directory and `git init`
* Create a file `week_of_0606.markdown`
* Write responses for a few of the questions below
* Use all the time available to you for writing

#### Personal Retrospective Questions

* How was this week similar and different from what you thought the class would be like?
* Were there any topics you felt particularly "clicked" this week?
* How do you feel about your cohort and peers?
* What prep did you do before class? Was it worth it?

### Microblogger (1:00-3:30)

When you are not on 1-on-1s work on [Microblogger](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/microblogger.html) a client that interacts with Twitter.
