---
title: 150120
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

This week, we're going to dig deep into one Exercism and iterate on it for two days.

`exercism fetch ruby/roman-numerals`

### The Daily Iteration (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Ben in Classroom C to discuss a grab bag of topics including but not limited to:

* What is symbol to proc?
* What is tmux?
* How to create your own collection class that is enumerable
* How to write a method that takes a block

### Community Night (6:00 - 7:30)

Steve is going to be doing a session on Ember.js. Volunteers needed (especially if you've installed Ember CLI before). If you planning on coming (volunteering or not) make sure you RSVP on the [Meetup page] so we know how much food we need.

## 1407

### Getting Started with Services (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to get started with services.

### Testing in Ember (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom A as Steve shows you how to do a TDD with an Ember.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve and Horace are available for questions.

Ben will be available for code review from 2:00 - 4:00.

You should a working version of your application deployed to Heroku in time for your client meeting on Thursday.

## 1409

### Fundemental JSON (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet Jorge in Classroom C to talk about JavaScript Object Notation.

### Building an API in Rails (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick around with Jorge in Classroom C to talk about creating JSON in Rails.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00: Sam Kuhlmann
* 1:10: Konr Josef Larson
* 1:20: Gregory Narajka
* 1:30: Timothy Mee
* 1:40: Victoria Harrod
* 1:50: Danny Glunz
* 2:00: David Bayendor
* 2:10: Chandra Carney
* 2:20: Zachary Routhier
* 2:30: Alex Jensen
* (Jorge takes a quick break.)
* 2:50: Herbert Joseph
* 3:00: Chase van Hekken
* 3:10: Kate Lane
* 3:20: Travis Yoder

## 1410

### Dinner Dash Kickoff and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in the Big Workspace to kick off [Dinner Dash][dd] and get to work.

[dd]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html

### Cart and Order Lifecycles (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Josh in Classroom B to talk about the circle of life.

## 1412

### File I/O and Introduction to CSVs (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom B to talk about files full of values separated by commas.

### Planning and Starting SalesEngine (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Jeff in Classroom B to kick off [SalesEngine][se].

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Charles Valentino Espinoza & Jack Yeh
* Miriam Moser & Kyle Henson
* Paul Grever & Andrew Overby
* DJ Greenfield & Juan Manuel Navarro
* Teresa Finn & Fred Block
* Trey Tomlinson & Markus Olsen
* Austin Wood & Stanley Siudzinski
* David E Maurer & Jeffrey Gu
* Lori Culberson & Kyra Weber & Edward McCarthy

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Jeff is around to answer your questions as you sell some engines.

[se]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html
