---
title: 20150312
layout: outline
---

<!--- Classroom Usage
A

B
9 to 1030: 1409

C
9 to 1030:1412
10:30 to 12:1412
1 to 4:1502

WS
Code reviews, checkins, work time etc.

-->

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Continue working on the [Blue Hawaii](http://www.puzzlenode.com/puzzles/7-blue-hawaii) puzzle.
 
## 1409

### Building a Real-Time Application with Ember (9:00 to 10:30)

Join Steve in Classroom B to talk about ember and real-time apps.

(Steve TBD -- anything for 10:30 - 12 and 1:00 - 4:00?)

## 1410

### Individual Project I2 Checkins and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jorge to see how your individual projects are progressing.

(Jorge TBD -- Schedule for this)

### Individual Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Coming into the home-stretch on your turing snapstagrams. Let's finish
the week strong with some muchos productive work time.

## 1412

### Intro to the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

The Asset Manager we love to hate and hate to love. But underneath its
crusty exterior it's just a loveable little teddy bear. Join Rachel in
Classroom C to find out why.

### Transactions, Callbacks, and Scopes -- OH MY (10:30 - 12:00)

Join 3-time ActiveRecord Golf Masters Champion Josh Mejia in Classroom C to talk about some more advanced features of
active record.

### Dinner Dash Checkins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on your projects and meet with Josh and Rachel to assess your
progress.

(TBD Josh M/Rachel add schedule for this)

## 1502

### Sales Engine Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

Exemplars of Ecommerce or Retail Riffraff -- let's find out what these
Sales Engines are made of. Meet with Jeff to go over your project.

(Jeff TBD add schedule for this)
(Jeff TBD what do non-sales enginers do during this time)

### Rtanque Battle Dojo (1:00 - 4:00)

What's an Rtanque anway? Join Jeff in Classroom C to find out about
ruby's hottest tank simulator.
