---
title:
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Make a square display in your terminal.

Cool. Now, make a square where you can pass in the width and the height.

## 1409

### Instructor Pairing and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning, we'll be doing focused pairing session. Please send one to two group members to each session.

### With Steve

The focus of this session will be Ember Data relations and filtering.

* 9:00: Sam Kuhlmann & Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder
* 9:45: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Chase van Hekken
* 10:30: Zachary Routhier & Herbert Joseph & Victoria Harrod
* 11:15: David Bayendor & Kate Lane & Alex Jensen

### With Horace

The focus of this session will be designing and testing an API.

* 9:00: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Chase van Hekken
* 9:45: Zachary Routhier & Herbert Joseph & Victoria Harrod
* 10:30: David Bayendor & Kate Lane & Alex Jensen
* 11:15: Sam Kuhlmann & Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve and Horace on hand for questions and code review.

## 1410

### Getting Started with Workers (9:00 - 10:30)

Get to work with Josh in Classroom A.

### Sending Email (10:30 - 12:00)

Send some emails with Josh in Classroom A.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jorge

* 1:00: Laura Whalin, Brandon Mrsny, Rich Shea, Alexandra Robinson, Konr Josef Larson
* 1:30: Krista A Nelson, Nathan Owsiany, Bhargavi Satpathy, Scott Crawford
* 2:00: Orion Osborn, Jeffrey Wan, Michael Dao, Emily Berkeley, Adam Smith
* 2:30: Kit Pearson, Bryce Holcomb, Lydia Shafer, Chris Luhring

## 1412

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom B.

### Migrations, Databases, Relationships, and Models (9:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom B.

### Forms and Route Helpers in Rails (1:00 - 4:00)

Spend some more time with Rachel in Classroom C.

## 1502

### The Ruby Object Model (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Josh Cheek in Classroom C to discuss the Ruby object model.

### Linked List Peer Evaluations (1:00 - 2:30)

Get back into the zone with linked lists.

* David Daniel & Rob Cornell
* Eric Dowty & Jamie Kawahara
* Tracy Caruso & Mihir Parikh
* Tess Griffin & Thomas Leskin
* Eugene Khanutin & Kenny Chen
* Tyler Graham & Jack Yeh
* Andrew Carmer & Michelle Golle
* Chelsea Worrel & Minnie Lee
* Tony DiNitto & Kristina Brown
* Michael Merrill & Dmitry Vizersky
* Kyle Henson & Patrick Medaugh

### Building a Recursive Linked List (2:30 - 4:00)

Recursion is pretty much the best. Meet with Jeff in Classroom B.

### Games Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

If you're too good for recursion, Horace is available for questions.