---
title: 20150527
layout: outline
---

Today in History: 1937 - The Golden Gate Bridge opened.

## All

### WarmUp (8:30 - 9:00)

1505ers, can you help your Posse complete FizzBuzz?

* Go through the numbers 0 through 100 inclusive.
* If the number is divisible by 3, print "Fizz"
* If the number is divisible by 5, print "Buzz"
* If the number is divisible by both 3 and 5, print "Semicolons Rule"
* Otherwise, print the number.

Post your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name to receive 15 points. Cut-off is 9:00 am.
(So I can copy and paste when awarding points. Please capitalize. It makes my life easier.)

### Recitation - Enumerables (4:15 - 5:30)

Classroom A.

## 1412

### Background Workers Revisited (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom C to take [another look at background workers](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/background_workers_revisited.markdown).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Put on your hip waders and get into some brownfield development.

## 1502

### Fundamental Rails Security (9:00 - 12:00)

In this lesson, you will learn about the common security flaws that you can find on a Rails app. You will hack a Rails project sending HTTP requests via Postman, and modify it's data.

Clone this before your session:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/store_engine.git fundamental_security
```

After cloning the repo, make sure you bundle, create your database, run your migrations, and seed your data.

Also, download the [Postman](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman-rest-client/fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm?utm_source=gmail) extension for Chrome. If you don't have Chrome, you can download it [here](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/).

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Check Ins (with Jorge)

* 1:00 - 1:30: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 1:30 - 2:00: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:00 - 2:30: Mihir, Tess
* 2:30 - 3:00: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:00 - 3:30: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred
* 3:30 - 4:00: Jack

Technical Check Ins (with Sam)

* 1:30 - 2:00: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 2:00 - 2:30: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:30 - 3:00: Mihir, Tess
* 3:00 - 3:30: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:30 - 4:00: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred

## 1503

### Using Rack::Test in a Sinatra App (9:00 - 11:00)

If you didn't test it, it didn't happen. Join Rachel as she brings the hammer down on testing. Classroom C. The outline is [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rack_test_in_sinatra.markdown).

### Project Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

This is Project Work Time. Not slack off and go to lunch early time. Not that any of you would do that, right?

### View Templating (1:00 - 2:00)

Josh will get you started on how to template your views. Because no one wants to write the same code over and over again. Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

More work time.

## 1505

### How Git Works (9:00 - 10:30)

Two people understand Git. [Linus Torvalds](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linus_Torvalds), the creator of Git and [Tom Preston-Werner](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Preston-Werner),
one of the founders of GitHub. The rest of us just use it.

Join Jeff for some Arts and Crafts time and learn how Git works in the Big Workspace.

### Using Source Control (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay right where you are where Mike comes and talks to you about Source Control.

### Work Time: Enumerables and Git (1:00 - 4:00)

Work Time, Work Time, everybody loves Work Time. Mike will be available for questions.
