---
title: 20150113
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

This morning please complete the Kindergarten Garden exercise from [Exercism][]. Get it with `exercism fetch ruby/kindergarten-garden`

[Exercism.io]: http://exercism.io

### The Daily Iteration (1:00 - 3:00)

Ben will be in Classroom B talking about things.

### Denver.rb (6:00 - 8:00)

Ben will be at Galvanize talking about things.

## 1407

### Ember Routing (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve in the Ember wing of the dungeon (Classroom C) to discuss the Ember Router. We'll be adding some features to [Bartleby][].

[Bartleby]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/bartleby

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/ember_routing.markdown)

### Ember Data: Part 1 (10:30 - 12:00)

Let's get [Bartleby][] up and running with Ember Data.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/ember_data.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Let's get coding. Please install [Hound](https://houndci.com/). Let Steve know if you need anything (like a second repository for an Ember application) during lunch.

## 1409

### Building a VPS (9:00-12:00)

Then this afternoon join Horace in Classroom B to work on [provisioning and setting up a VPS](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/building-a-vps.markdown).

### Check-ins & Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00 pm - Travis Yoder
* 1:15 pm - Chase Van Hekken
* 1:30 pm - Zach Routhier
* 1:45 pm - Greg Narajka
* 2:00 pm - Tim Mee
* 2:15 pm - Konr Larson
* 2:30 pm - Kate Lane
* 2:45 pm - Sam Kuhlmann
* 3:00 pm - Herbert Joseph
* 3:15 pm - Alex Jensen
* 3:30 pm - Viki Harrod
* 3:45 pm - Danny Glunz
* 4:00 pm - Chandra Carney
* 4:15 pm - David Bayendor

## 1410

### Authorization and Privileges (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to talk about authorization and privileges.

### Code Retreat (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace. You'll be working in the following pairs/triplets. Keep in mind that some members of 1412 will have to step out for their diagnostics. We tried to put as many of these people into triplets as possible.

* Alexandra Robinson and Miriam Moser
* Bhargavi Satpathy and Kyra Weber
* Brandon Mrsny and Jeffrey Gu
* Bryce Holcomb and Paul Grever
* Chris Luhring and Markus Olsen and Lori Culberson
* Emily Berkeley and Kyle Henson
* Jeffrey Wan and Fred Block
* Kit Pearson and David E Maurer
* Krista A Nelson and Stanley Siudzinski
* Laura Whalin and Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Lydia Shafer and Teresa Finn
* Michael Dao and Juan Manuel Navarro and DJ Greenfield
* Nathan Owsiany and Trey Tomlinson
* Orion Osborn and Austin Wood
* Rich Shea and Edward McCarthy and Jack Yeh
* Scott Crawford and Andrew Overby

## 1412

### Robodoku Questions and Answers (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Jeff in the Big Workspace to talk about Robodoku.

### Work Time and Diagnostic Assessments (10:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jeff

* 10:00: Teresa Finn
* 10:30: Edward McCarthy
* 11:00: Austin Wood
* 11:30: Kyra Weber
* 1:00: Miriam Moser
* 1:30: Trey Tomlinson
* 2:00: Jeffrey Gu
* 2:30: Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 3:00: Lori Culberson
* 3:30: David E Maurer

#### With Steve

* 2:00: Fred Block
* 2:30: DJ Greenfield
* 3:00: Jack Yeh
* 3:30: Markus Olsen

#### With Horace

* 1:00: Juan Manuel Navarro
* 1:30: Paul Grever
* 2:00: Stanley Siudzinski
* 2:30: Kyle Henson
* 3:00: Andrew Overby

### Code Retreat (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace. (See 1410's schedule for more details.)
