---
title: 20150728
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1935, the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress flew for the first time.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Take a look at the text for [The Cat in the Hat](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/d60c17fdcfb258f6d416).

Can you parse it to figure out how many times each word appears in the story?
Which word appears the most?
How many words are there in total?
Did you consider capitalization?
What about punctuation?
What about spacing?
Can you solve in JavaScript? Go? C? Assembly?


## 1502

### The Ruby Object Model Revisited (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Josh Cheek in Classroom B to rediscover the Ruby object model.
Here are our notes! [https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/829eda446a971cca89ad](https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/829eda446a971cca89ad)

### Project Work Time: Iteration Planning

Today you will focus on wire framing your applications and planning out your iterations.

Break your project into 3-4 day sprints. What is the smallest, simplest possible working version of your project that you can have by the end of the week? What features will you plan to add by Monday?

### Project Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Please come with your learning goals and a basic rundown of what your application will do.

### With Steve

* 1:00 - 1:15: Patrick
* 1:20 - 1:35: Tracy and Minnie
* 1:40 - 1:55: Eric, Andrew, and Kristina
* 2:00 - 2:15: Fred
* 2:20 - 2:35: Tom, Kenny, and Tess
* 2:40 - 2:55: Michelle, Mihir, and Kyle
* 3:00 - 3:15: David
* 3:20 - 3:35: Lori

### With Austen

* 1:00 - 1:15: Lori
* 1:20 - 1:35: Patrick
* 1:40 - 1:55: Tracy and Minnie
* 2:00 - 2:15: Eric, Andrew, and Kristina
* 2:20 - 2:35: Fred
* 2:40 - 2:55: Tom, Kenny, and Tess
* 3:00 - 3:15: Michelle, Mihir, and Kyle
* 3:20 - 3:35: David

## 1503

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

### Project Check-Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA.


## 1505

### Authentication (9:00 - 12:00)

A critical topic when it comes to web apps, authentication will be in Classroom C with Josh.

### Authentication Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Put what you've learned in the morning to the test by practicing it.


## 1507

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 10:30)

Forge ahead with your Sales Engines and Enigmas.

### All: Wizard Dojo (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Mike in Classroom A to [build a wizarding bank](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/wizarding_bank.markdown).

### All: Fundamental Refactoring (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A where we'll [work on refactoring](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/refactoring_patterns.markdown).

#### Rotations:

* Adam Jensen: hide delegate, extract class, move method
* Alon Waisman: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* Bret Doucette: hide delegate, move method, extract class
* Chad Minnerath: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Chris Cenatiempo: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* David Stinnette: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* George Hudson: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Jeff Ruane: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Jerrod Paul Junker: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Justin Holzmann: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* Justin Pease: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Mary Beth Burch: move method, hide delegate, extract class
* Matt Ewell: move method, hide delegate, extract class
* Matt Hecker: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* Michael Wong: extract class, hide delegate, move method
* Mimi Schatz: hide delegate, move method, extract class
* Nicole Hall: hide delegate, extract class, move method
* Rachel Parri: hide delegate, move method, extract class
* Rebekah Sosa: move method, extract class, hide delegate
* Regis Boudinot: extract class, move method, hide delegate
* Rose Kohn: extract class, move method, hide delegate
* Russell Harms: hide delegate, extract class, move method
* Ryan Asensio: move method, hide delegate, extract class
* Travis Haby: extract class, move method, hide delegate
* Tyler Komoroske: hide delegate, move method, extract class
