---
title: 20151217
layout: outline
---

Word of the Day: antediluvian, adjective. Very old, old-fashioned, or out of date;
antiquated.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


### Posse Cleanup

* Today: Hopper Posse (Matt, Alon, Penney, Toni, Admir, Hedy, Nicky)

Take 15 minutes after wrap-up to check the items on [this list](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/f5cfe4333402d043ef2e).

## 1507

### Project Work Time (9.00 - 12.00)

Put the finishing touches on your game time projects!

### Ideabox in React (1.00 - 4.00)

When you're not in your evaluation with an insructor:

Start working on this [tutorial](http://github.com/applegrain/creact). You'll be cloning down a Rails API and build out CRUD functionality using the `react-rails` gem.

Lovisa will be reviewing this tomorrow morning.

### Game Time Evaluations (1.00 - 4.00)

#### With Steve

* 1:00: Rick Bacci
* 1:30: Bret Doucette & Mimi Schatz
* 2:00: Ryan Asensio
* 3:00: Dave Maurer & Erik Butcher
* 3:30: Jack Yeh & Travis Haby

#### With Meeka

* 1:00: Alon Waisman
* 1:30: Zach Routhier & Regis Boudinot
* 2:00: Russell Harms & Mary Beth Burch
* 3:00: Rose Kohn & Jeff Ruane
* 3:30: Chris Cenatiempo & Tyler Graham

#### With Lovisa

* 1:00: Justin Holzmann & George Hudson
* 1:30: Robert Cornell
* 2:00: Michael Merrill & Matt Ewell
* 2:30: Matt Hecker

## 1508

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Put the finishing touches on your project.

### APICurious Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Andrew

* 1:00 - Nicole Hall
* 1:15 - Matt Rooney
* 1:30 - Amber Crawford
* 1:45 - John Slota
* 2:00 - Robbie Lane
* 2:15 - Michael Wong
* 2:30 - Jerrod Paul Junker
* 2:45 - Marlo Major

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Aaron Careaga
* 1:15 - Jason Pilz
* 1:30 - Jill Donohue
* 2:00 - Justin Pease
* 2:15 - Matt Stjernholm
* 2:30 - Ryan Johnson
* 2:45 - Sekhar Paladugu
* 3:30 - Emily Dowdle

### With Jorge

* 3:00 - 3:20 - Ross Edfort
* 3:20 - 3:40 - Tyler Komoroske
* 3:40 - 4:00 - Pat Wey

### With Jorace

* 1:45 - Shannon Paige
* 2:00 - Torie Warren
* 2:15 - Edgar Duran
* 2:30 - Adam Jensen
* 2:45 - Jhun de Andres

## 1510

### Blogger Recap (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom C.

### Feature Testing in Rails (9:30 - 10:30)

Classroom C.

### Model Testing in Rails with RSpec (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/model_testing_in_rails.markdown). 

### Work Time: Model Testing (1:00 - 3:30)

Mike is on hand for questions.

### What is Polymorphism? (3:30 - 4:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to talk about Polymorphism.

* Watch [this RailsCast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOFAcbxdWjY) up to 3:30. 
* Read [this blog post](https://richonrails.com/articles/polymorphic-associations-in-rails) and stop when you see the heading "Terminal Commands".
* Work in pairs to create the migrations and models that would represent this sitaution: The principal of a school needs to keep track of her meetings with students, parents, and employees. Create four models (`Student`, `Parent`, `Employee`, and `Meeting`) so that the first three models can have many meetings, and a meeting can belong to either a student, parent, or employee. Try out your associations in the console (`rails c`). Refer back to the RailsCast if you've forgotten how to do that. 

#### Pairs

* Steven Olson & Brenna Martenson
* Penney Garrett & Dan Winter
* Aaron Greenspan & Beth Sebian
* Greg Armstrong & Jordan Lawler
* Hector Huertas Baeza & Brant Wellman
* Taylor Moore & Beth Secor
* Toni Rib & James Crockett
* Joseph Perry & Steve Pentler & Lenny Myerson

Want the source code for the RailsCast? Check it out [here](https://github.com/railscasts/154-polymorphic-association-revised). 

## 1511

### All: Diagnostic, Tutorial, and Project Evals (9:00 - 12:00)

* Make sure your last commit is made before 9AM
* Find your project eval time below and be there on time
* When your not in eval, spend 30 minutes on the printed diagnostic that you can find at the front of Classroom A
* When you're done with the diagnostic, *find a pair* and work through the [tutorial on Mocks, Stubs, and Dependency Injection](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/testing_with_mocks_stubs_and_dependencies.markdown). It's a new tutorial, so there'll be some problems. You can figure it out. Edits/pull requests welcome!

#### With Horace

* 9:00 -- Julian Feliciano
* 9:30 -- Kimiko Kano
* 10:00 -- Heidi Hoopes
* 10:30 -- Nicholas Dorans
* 11:00 -- Allan Blair
* 11:30 -- Scott Firestone

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 -- Nick Weiland
* 9:30 -- Matt Pindell
* 10:00 -- Adam Hundley
* 10:30 -- Matt Packer
* 11:00 -- Alireza Andersen

#### With Andrew

* 9:00 -- Deborah Hamel
* 9:30 -- David Whitaker
* 10:00 -- Marina Corona
* 10:30 -- Thomas Pickett

#### With Tess

* 9:00 -- Adrienne Domingus
* 9:30 -- Nate Venn
* 10:00 -- Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 10:30 -- Brennan Holtzclaw
* 11:00 -- Hedy Woo
* 11:30 -- Alexis Navarrete

#### With Meeka

* 9:00 -- July Tran
* 9:30 -- Admir Draganovic
* 10:00 -- Chelsea Johnson
* 10:30 -- Matt DesMarteau
* 11:00 -- Charles Ellison
* 11:30 -- Brian Rippeto

### All: Programming is Fun (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Josh Cheek in **Classroom A** to do some fun
things with programming.
