---
title: 20150615
layout: outline
---

Today in History: It's the birthday of both Courteney Cox and Neil Patrick Harris!

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

We heard so much buzz about logic puzzles, here's another one!

http://cl.ly/1h3u2o1W1710

Post your answers in #warmup-answers.

### Technical Interview Prep (3:00 - 4:00)

These are your pairs:

* Adam Caron & Rich Shea
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Rick Bacci
* Patrick Medaugh & Sebastian Abondano
* Jai Misra & Max Tedford
* Erik Butcher & Brett Grigsby
* Mike Reeves & Minnie Lee
* Kyle Henson & Michael Merrill
* Mihir Parikh & David Daniel
* Kenny Chen & Chelsea Worrel
* Rachel Parri & Miriam Moser
* Justin Pease & Kit Pearson
* Margarett Ly & Drew Conly
* Justin Holmes & Justin Holzmann
* Kristina Brown & DJ Greenfield
* Samson Brock & Jason Wright
* David Shim & Lovisa Svallingson
* Marla Brizel & Alex Tideman
* Tess Griffin & Kyra Steenbock
* Morgan Miller & Max Millington
* Michael Dorrance & Sally MacNicholas
* Josh Cass & Whitney Hiemstra
* Dmitry Vizersky & Dave Maurer
* Andrew Fink & Eric Dowty
* Vanessa Gomez & Dustin Gault
* Rob Cornell & Paul Grever
* Trey Tomlinson & Tyler Graham
* Thomas Leskin & Lori Culberson
* Markus Olsen & Fred Block
* Charles Valentino Espinoza & Tracy Caruso
* Jeffrey Gu & Mitch Ashby
* Edward McCarthy & Michelle Golle

### SpeakerCorps

Meet with Steve in Classroom A.

* Austin Wood
* David Stinnette
* Lev Kravinsky
* Jack Yeh
* Drew Reynolds
* Rebekah Sosa
* Andrew Carmer

## 1412

### Building a VPS (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A to walk through [setting up a VPS for hosting web applications](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/building-a-vps.markdown).

### ActiveRecord Challenges (1:00 - 3:00)

Big Workspace.

## 1502

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 11:00)

In this lesson you will learn about how Rails handles assets such as JavaScript, CSS and images in your web app.

Here are the materials for this lesson:

* [Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/s/98z19hzeluc5skf/Turing%20-%20Understanding%20the%20Asset%20Pipeline.key?dl=0)
* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/understanding_the_asset_pipeline.markdown)

Also, please clone the following:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom.git asset_pipeline
```

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Introduction to Client-Side Development (11:00 - 12:00)

Stay with Steve in Classroom B and get an introduction on the principles behind client-side development.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Work on your individual projects. Remember that for tomorrow, you'll need to:

1. Bring your persona and wireframes
2. Have your app deployed to Heroku
3. Have your CSS and HTML on production
4. Have implemented a third party login if applicable
5. Have explored the API to make sure that your project is feasible

## 1503

### Dinner Dash Kickoff and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Josh will get you started with Dinner Dash starting in the Big Workspace. It's a big day, your first real Rails project.

### Cart Order and Lifecycles (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Rachel as you get your first piece to Dinner Dash, Carts, Orders and their Lifecycles in Classroom C.

## 1505

### Intro to CSVs (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet with Mike in Classroom C to recap [CSVs](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/file_io_and_csvs.markdown)
and to see some of the cool things can do with them.

### EventManager (10:00 - 2:00)

Let's put your CSV knowledge into practice. You have some time to dive into the [EventManager Tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html).

Some things to keep in mind:

* You won't finish the tutorial, that's ok
* This work time is about exposure and learning, not mastery and perfect code
* Go slow enough that you understand / think critically about all your code
* Don't write tests. This is exposure, not high quality code. You'll do plenty of testing in SalesEngine.
* Feel free to play and dive deeper if something catches your eye

Mike will hang out in the workspace for your questions.

### EventManager Discussion and Recap (2:00 - 2:30)

Join Mike in Classroom A to discuss your observations and answer any big picture questions that came out of EventManager.

### Getting Started with SalesEngine (2:30 - 3:00)

Then the moment you've been waiting for. Continue with Steve in A to [kickoff SalesEngine](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html).

* Mitch Ashby & Drew Conly
* Jason Wright & Adam Caron
* Samson Brock & Justin Pease
* Michael Dorrance & Jerrod Paul Junker
* David Shim & Lovisa Svallingson
* David Stinnette & Max Millington
* Jai Misra & Justin Holzmann
* Mike Reeves & Alex Tideman
* Marla Brizel & Sebastian Abondano
