---
title: 20150519
layout: outline
---

## All

Today is Pete Townshend's birthday!

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

You have new posse members! Make sure to invite them to Screenhero. And then teach them how to use Screenhero.

Get your new cohort members set up on [Exercism](http://exercism.io) and pair with them on the first one.

Post your solutions along with your posse name in #warmup-answers in order to earn 20 Posse Points.


## 1412

### Test-Driven JavaScript (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve in Le Big Workspace for Test-Driven JavaScript.

* [Repository and Sample Exercises](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/testing-javascript)
* [Mocha.js](http://mochajs.org/)
* [Sinon.js](http://sinonjs.org/)
* [Teaspoon](https://github.com/modeset/teaspoon)

### jQuery Revisited (1:00 - 2:30)

Steve has you in Classroom A to revisit jQuery. Don't forget to bring your semicolons.

This class is optional.

### IdeaBox Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work work. Box some ideas. Maybe even idea some boxes.

## 1502

### Traversing the DOM with jQuery (9:00 - 10:30)

Sam has you in Classroom B. You'll be working with the DOM.

### DOM Events with jQuery (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay right where you are. Now that you can traverse the DOM, you'll be doing events.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

For your project check-ins remember to bring your wireframes, your guest user stories, and have your app deployed on Heroku.

Client Check Ins (with Jorge)

* 1:00 - 1:30: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 1:30 - 2:00: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:00 - 2:30: Mihir, Jack, Tess
* 2:30 - 3:00: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:00 - 3:30: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred

Technical Check Ins (with Sam)

* 1:30 - 2:00: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 2:00 - 2:30: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:30 - 3:00: Mihir, Jack, Tess
* 3:00 - 3:30: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:30 - 4:00: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred

## 1503

### HTML/CSS Homework Reviewed (9:00 - 9:30)

Go over your styles and things with Josh in Classroom C.


### How the Web Works (9:30 - 11:00)

Learn about how this series of tubes called the Web works with Josh in Classroom C.

### What is Rack? (11:00 - 12:00)

Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.

With your favoritest person ever. In your favoritest classroom ever.

Let's hack [Rack Lobster](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/rack-lobster).

Check out [this article](http://hawkins.io/2012/07/rack_from_the_beginning/) if you are interested in diving deeper.

### CRUD in Sinatra Workshop (1:00 - 4:00)

Classroom C is the place to be, as you learn how to C-R-U-D.

Nothing rhymes with Rachel. But you can find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/crud_sinatra.markdown). 


## 1505

### Strings, Integers, and Control Flow (9:00 - 10:30)

Mike will take you down a wonderful journey in Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/string_integers_and_control_flow.markdown)


### Problems, Solutions, and Algorithms (10:30 - 12:00)

Horace and Mike will be talking about how to solve things with your brain. Again in classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/problems_solutions_algorithms.markdown)

We'll be using the following small groups for an exercise during this lesson:

* Justin Pease, Lovisa Svallingson, Max Millington
* Justin Holzmann, Jerrod Paul Junker, Mike Reeves
* David Shim, Mitch Ashby, Sebastian Abondano
* Drew Conly, Rachel Parri, Jason Wright
* Rebekah Sosa, Raymond Newby, David Stinnette
* Tracy Contreras, Marla Brizel, Jai Misra
* Adam Caron, Samson Brock, Michael Dorrance
* Alex Tideman, Nicole Hall

### EventManager (1:00 - 4:00)

The Scavenger Hunt will have to wait for another day.

This afternoon work through the introductory/exposure tutorial [EventManager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html).

You should write your own code, but you can use the following partner as a first-line-of-questioning when you run into problems:

* Tracy Contreras & Jai Misra
* Samson Brock & David Shim
* Sebastian Abondano & David Stinnette
* Michael Dorrance & Jerrod Paul Junker
* Lovisa Svallingson & Rebekah Sosa
* Drew Conly & Max Millington
* Rachel Parri & Mitch Ashby
* Nicole Hall & Adam Caron
* Alex Tideman & Jason Wright
* Mike Reeves & Justin Holzmann
* Justin Pease & Marla Brizel

Mike Dao will be in the kitchen area of Classroom A if you get really stuck.
