---
title: 20150728
layout: outline
---

Today in 1819, Norwich University, the nation's oldest private military college, was founded in Vermont.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Thursday is JavaScript day. [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) is your friend.

Pick a method from Ruby's Enumberable that is not map, collect, reduce, inject, each, or filter.

Can you implement it in JavaScript?

You may want to look to [Underscore](http://underscorejs.org/) for inspiration.


## 1502

### Computers, Internets, and Clouds (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to learn about how the internet *really* works.

Here are some things we'll use along the way:

* a shitload of dry erase markers
* your notebook where you write down all the golden nuggets of wisdom flying at you
* [a cryptic list of IP addresses](https://gist.github.com/jcasimir/c3d6690d878196d2ed7e)
* [this crazy long/awesome tutorial](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/building-a-vps.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Anyone can work on a web application. But only the truly bold can ship that web
app on a VPS.

## 1503

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Keep on keepin' on.

### Project Work Time and Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jorge at his desk for check-ins. Since there are many projects, please be on time.

* 1:00 - Brett Grigsby
* 1:10 - Max Tedford
* 1:20 - Rick Bacci
* 1:30 - Sally MacNicholas
* 1:40 - Vanessa Gomez
* 1:50 - Andrew Fink
* 2:00 - Morgan Miller
* 2:10 - Justin Holmes
* 2:20 - Drew Reynolds
* 2:30 - Josh Cass
* 2:40 - Lev Kravinsky
* 2:50 - Whitney Hiemstra
* 3:00 - Erik Butcher
* 3:10 - Margarett Ly
* 3:20 - Chelsea Worrel
* 3:30 - Rob Cornell
* 3:40 - Dave Maurer
* 3:50 - Jamie Kawahara
* 4:10 - Jack Yeh


## 1505

### Intro to the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C.

### Transactions, Callbacks and Scopes (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C with Josh.

### Little Shop Work Time and Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00 - Jurassic Parka
* 1:30 - Endangerous Outfitters
* 2:00 - Redrum Nursery
* 2:30 - Dinners Ready


## 1507 - Echo

### Sales Engine Evaluations (9:00 - 10:00)

When you're *not* in your evaluation, please [work on this Tutorial]().

#### With Mike

* 9:00 - Justin Holzmann & Ryan Asensio
* 10:00 - George Hudson and Russell Harms

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 - Matt Hecker & Alon Waisman
* 10:00 - Matt Ewell

### How Databases Work (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to dive into databases, SQL, and PostgreSQL.

## 1507 - Foxtrot

### Work Time & Check-Ins

Work time and check-in scheduling today is a little tricky. You have a check in,
you have work time, and you have a class all together 1:00-2:30. When you're not
in either your check-in or class, you're working on your project.

#### Check-Ins With Tim

* 9:00 - Mary Beth Burch & Travis Haby
* 10:00 - Adam Jensen & Chad Minnerath
* 11:00 - Chris Cenatiempo & Regis Boudinot
* 3:00 - Nicole Hall & Justin Pease

#### Check-Ins With DJ

* 11:00 - Jerrod Paul Junker & Michael Wong
* 3:00 - Rebekah Sosa & Rachel Parri

#### Check-Ins With Mike

* 11:00 - Jeff Ruane & Tyler Komoroske
* 2:30 - David Stinnette & Rose Kohn
* 3:15 - Bret Doucette & Mimi Schatz

### Relationships & References (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to dive deeper into SalesEngine relationships.
