---
title: 20150616
layout: outline
---

Today in History: Cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova becomes the first woman in space in 1963.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

One of the skills you most need to develop over the next few weeks is your "algorithmic thinking." The quintessential CS problem for algorithm practice is sorting data.

Without referencing other sources, write pseudocode for an algorithm for sorting a collection of numbers. Think about the simplest cases first, like sets of one, two, and three numbers.
Generate a set of ten random numbers (use rand(100)) and implement your algorithm in code. Does it work? If not, go back to modify the pseudocode first, then the implementation code second.

Post your answers in #warmup-answers

## 1412

### Code Challenge (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in the Big Workspace at 9:00 sharp to kick off your next code challenge. This challenge will be done individually and will last 3 hours.

### Code Challenge Review and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace or Josh Cheek to review your code challenges from the morning.

With Steve:

* 1:00 - 1:30 Edward McCarthy

With Josh:

* 1:00 - 1:30 Trey Tomlinson
* 1:30 - 2:00 Jeffrey Gu
* 2:00 - 2:30 Paul Grever
* 2:30 - 3:00 Kyra Steenbock
* 3:00 - 3:30 Miriam Moser
* 3:30 - 4:00 DJ Greenfield

With Horace:

* 1:00 - 1:30 Kit Pearson
* 1:30 - 2:00 Rich Shea
* 2:00 - 2:30 Markus Olsen
* 2:30 - 3:00 Dustin Gault
* 3:00 - 3:30 Austin Wood
* 3:30 - 4:00 Charles Valentino Espinoza

When you're not meeting with an instructor, continue working on your projects. Remember our discussions from yesterday -- build simple versions first, then layer on additional functionality.

## 1502

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Work on your individual projects. Remember that for today's checkin, you'll need to:

1. Bring your persona and wireframes
2. Have your app deployed to Heroku
3. Have your CSS and HTML on production
4. Have implemented a third party login if applicable
5. Have explored the API to make sure that your project is feasible

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jorge for your project checkins. Please, let's try to be on time, since there are many projects to revise.

* 1:00 - Andrew Carmer
* 1:10 - David Daniel
* 1:20 - Eric Dowty
* 1:30 - Kenny Chen
* 1:40 - Kristina Brown
* 1:50 - Break
* 2:00 - Kyle Henson
* 2:10 - Michelle Golle
* 2:20 - Mihir Parikh
* 2:30 - Minnie Lee
* 2:40 - Patrick Medaugh
* 2:50 - Break
* 3:00 - Tess Griffin
* 3:10 - Thomas Leskin
* 3:20 - Tracy Caruso
* 3:30 - Lori Culberson
* 3:40 - Fred Block
* 3:50 - Jack Yeh

## 1503

### Rails Views Tips and Tricks (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Rachel in classroom C to learn how to keep logic out of your views, minimize code duplication with helpers, and continue mastering the Partial Arts.

### Dinner Dash Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Dashing Dinners.

### Dinner Dash Work Time & Goal Setting (1:00 - 4:00)

With Josh M:

* 1:00 Dmitry Vizersky & Lev Kravinsky & Rick Bacci
* 1:30 Morgan Miller & Tyler Graham & Michael Merrill
* 2:00 Whitney Hiemstra & Vanessa Gomez & Drew Reynolds

With Rachel:

* 1:00 Sally MacNicholas & Jamie Kawahara & Erik Butcher
* 1:30 Brett Grigsby & Chelsea Worrel & Andrew Fink
* 2:00 Josh Cass & Justin Holmes & Rob Cornell
* 2:30 Max Tedford & Margarett Ly & Dave Maurer

## 1505

### Working with Ruby Modules (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to learn about how to work with Ruby Modules. He might be a little late from terrorizing 1412, so sit tight.

### Decomposing Sales Engine (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom A as Rachel will join you to teach you cool things such as traversing verticals and other Sales Engine tricks.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Mike will be on hand for questions. Bonus points if you compose a Sales Engine theme song.


