---
title: 20150526
layout: outline
---

Today in History: 2009 - President Barack Obama nominated federal appeals judge Sonia Sotomayor to be the first Hispanic justice on the Supreme Court.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

This morning, we're going to do a small code challenge.

**Can you write a program that "sings" the classic, "100 Bottles of Beer on the Wall"?**

Post your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name to receive 15 points. Cut-off is 9:00 am.
(So I can copy and paste when awarding points. Please capitalize. It makes my life easier.)

### Gear Up (2:30 - 3:00)

TBA in the Big Workspace.

### Technical Intervew Prep (3:00 - 4:00)

You want a job, right? Right?

Challenge to be announced.

Pairs:

* Jack Yeh & Josh Cass
* Tyler Graham & Andrew Carmer
* Rob Cornell & Kyra Steenbock
* Drew Conly & Erik Butcher
* Nicole Hall & Tess Griffin
* Samson Brock & Edward McCarthy
* Vanessa Gomez & Mitch Ashby
* Marla Brizel & Patrick Medaugh
* Jason Wright & Brett Grigsby
* Sebastian Abondano & Kit Pearson
* Justin Holzmann & Rick Bacci
* Tracy Caruso & Andrew Fink
* Trey Tomlinson & David Maurer
* Markus Olsen & Rich Shea
* Morgan Miller & Austin Wood
* Minnie Lee & Mike Reeves
* Kyle Henson & Kenny Chen
* Eric Dowty & Michael Dorrance
* Alex Tideman & Lori Culberson
* Justin Pease & Whitney Heimstra
* Chelsea Worrel & David Shim
* Dmitry Vizersky & DJ Greenfield
* Jai Misra and Tino
* Lovisa Svallingson & Thomas Leskin
* Sally MacNicholas & Max Millington
* David Daniel & Jeffrey Gu
* Mihir Parikh & Michael Merrill
* Margaret Ly & Adam Caron
* Miriam Moser & Rachel Parri
* Fred Block & Drew Reynolds
* Michelle Golle & Dustin Gault
* Rebekah Sosa & Kristina Brown
* Jerrod Junker & Paul Grever
* David Stinette & Justin Holmes
* Lev Kravinsky & Max Tedford

### Recitation - Object Oriented Programming - (4:15 - 5:30)

Classroom A.

## 1412

### Cache-A-Palooza (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A to talk about 2 different approaches to
using caching in our applications.

We'll discuss [Key-Based Caching](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/key_based_caching.markdown) for 90 minutes and
then switch gears to discuss [Caching Data](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/caching_data.markdown) for 90 minutes.

### Code Review and Check-Ins (1:00 - 2:30)

* Keevah (1:00 - 1:30)
* HubStub (1:30 - 2:00)
* HomeAway (2:00 - 2:30)

## 1502

### Multi-Tenancy Authorization (9:00 - 12:00)

In this lesson you will learn how to build a multi-tenant authorization strategy from scratch using a service object that will handle permissions.

Clone this before your session:

```
git clone -b multitenancy_authorization https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom.git multitenancy_authorization
```

After cloning the repo, make sure you bundle, create your database, run your migrations, and seed your data.

You can find the materials of for the session here:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/2b1zpyj8qm8acdu/Turing%20-%20Multitenancy%20Authorization%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/multitenancy_authorization.markdown)

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Weekly Iteration: Feed Engine (1:30 - 2:30)

The goal of the Feed Engine is to consume and aggregate third-party APIs. You will create a data aggregator service that pulls data and activity from other applications and publishes it through a web interface.

Today, we will have a preliminary talk about the project, and the idea generation process.

You can check the full project description [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/feed_engine.markdown).

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

## 1503

### Project Review / Q&A (9:00 - 10:00)

Exactly what it sounds like. Classroom C.

### Database Design and Modeling (10:00 - 12:00)

You will learn how to database ALL of the things. Still in Classroom C.

### Intro to ActiveRecord with Sinatra (1:00 - 2:00)

Back in my day, we had to code databases by hand in Sinatra. And it was uphill. Both ways. Rachel knows. Classroom C.
Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/intro_to_active_record_in_sinatra.markdown). 

### Traffic Spy Kickoff (2:00 - 2:30)

Let's kick off your newest project: [Traffic Spy](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/traffic_spy.markdown) in Classroom C. Here are your groups:

* Sally MacNicholas & Andrew Fink & Tyler Graham
* Brett Grigsby & Drew Reynolds & Dave Maurer
* Morgan Miller & Justin Holmes & Vanessa Gomez
* Erik Butcher & Lev Kravinsky & Whitney Hiemstra
* Michael Merrill & Josh Cass & Jamie Kawahara
* Rick Bacci & Margarett Ly & Chelsea Worrel
* Dmitry Vizersky & Max Tedford & Rob Cornell

## 1505

### Introducing Enumerables (9:00 - 10:00)

Start with Jeff in the Big Workspace to dive into Enumerables. We'll [use this lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown)

### Enumerables Exercises (10:00 - 11:00)

Then continue in the Big Workspace starting into [these Enumerable exercises](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/enums-exercises). Mike will be available for questions.

### Fibber Recap (11:00 - 12:00)

Reflect on [some of the fibs](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/fibber.markdown) you've told with Mike still in the Big Workspace.

### How to Pair Program (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's [talk about pair programming](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_pairing.markdown) with Jeff in Classroom A.

We'll use these pairs, so please sit with this person from the beginning.

* Justin Holzmann & Sebastian Abondano
* Mitch Ashby & David Stinnette
* Jai Misra & Max Millington
* Drew Conly & David Shim
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Alex Tideman
* Marla Brizel & Mike Reeves
* Michael Dorrance & Nicole Hall
* Lovisa Svallingson & Jason Wright
* Rachel Parri & Justin Pease
* Adam Caron & Samson Brock & Rebekhah Sosa

### Homework

* Spend about 2 hours pushing forward on your [Enumerables exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/enums-exercises)
* Spend about 90 minutes on [Sandi Metz' POODR](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/poodr.markdown) Part 1,
reading the specified pages and completing the exercise
