---
title: 20150910
layout: outline
---

Today, in 2008, the Large Hadron Collider was turned on.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

GET YER [WARM UPS](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com/)


## 1503

### Fragment Caching (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom C to discuss caching markup in Rails.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/key_based_caching.markdown)

After some initial discussion, you'll be working through [this tutorial](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/key_based_caching.markdown).


### Data Caching (10:30 - 12:00)

Now talk about another approach to caching data.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/caching_data.markdown)

After some initial discussion you'll be working through
[this tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/caching_data.html)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Scale it up.

## 1505

### Testing an External API (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to test an external API using Webmock and VCR.

For today class, please get an Sunlight Foundation API key [here](http://sunlightfoundation.com/api/accounts/register/).

The class materials are the following:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/jr1j95burs3dz14/Turing%20-%20Testing%20an%20External%20API%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* The video will be posted after the session.

Meet Jorge in the Big Workspace

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

By this point, you should have your main feed built and your user information displayed on your page. You should have the completed features by the end of today. Tomorrow morning,

## 1507

### Form and Route Helpers in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Blogger Tutorial Kickoff and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh will kick things off, Mike will be around for answers.
As in you ask the questions and he gives the answers. If you don't ask
questions, you don't get answers.


## 1508

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A.

### All: Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Andrew will be available for questions.

### All: Inter-Project Pairing (1:00 - 3:00)

This afternoon we're going to twist our pairing plan a little bit. We know
you're hammering away on your projects due tomorrow, but we still want to build
up some of your pairing skills.

This afternoon please:

* Find your pair below
* Pair on the left person's project for the hour 1-2
* Pair on the right person's project for the hour 2-3
* Use a pomodoro timer so each session is two pomodoros
* Each hour make use of a different protocol briefly described below

#### Protocols

Think of these as a game you're playing that has the side effect of creating some
code. The game is more important than the code.

* Driver/Navigator: navigator is the primary "thinker" and the driver is the
primary typist. Don't let the driver think very much, or else the navigator is
just watching programming. *Alternate every five minutes* or faster. Use a timer.
* Devil Tester: pair member A starts by writing the first test. Pair member B then
has to write the implementation that passes the test. B then writes the next test
and A is responsible for passing it, then writing the next test. If a test can't
go from red to green in five minutes, it's too big and gets deleted to try again.
Use a timer.
* Popcorn: Both your hands stay on the keyboard at all times. In Popcorn, you
collaborate to write both tests and implementation, but *you write no more than
one line of code* before switching control. A writes a line, B writes a line, A
writes a line, etc.

These are meant to be frustrating and feel awkward. Think of it like dance class.
You can't just show up with someone new and have perfect chemistry. You need to
get over the awkwardness, get your feet warmed up, and start to anticipate each
other's thinking and movements.

#### Pairings

* Penney Garrett & Edgar Duran
* Marlo Major & John Slota
* Jhun de Andres & Amber Crawford
* Aaron Careaga & Nicole Hall
* Emily Dowdle & Sekhar Paladugu
* Jill Donohue & Matthew Rooney
* Robert Lane & Shannon Paige
* Matt Stjernholm & Ross Edfort
* Patrick Wey & Ryan Johnson
* Torie Joy-Warren & Jason Pilz
* Charissa Lawrence & Chad Minnerath
* Tyler Komoroske to fill in with anyone missing or grab a staff member :)

### All: Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Then the rest of the day you're on your own!
