---
title: 150108
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Three out of four cohorts have projects due today. Get shipping.

## 1407

### Feed Engine Evaluations (9:00 - 11:00)

Meet with Steve and Ben (times are tentative; we reserve the right to go over a little bit):

* 9:00-9:45: Habit Rabbit
* 9:45-10:30: Social Smarts

### Demonstration Preparation (10:30 - 12:00)

Spend this time to get your applications ready for demo night.

### Final Project Brainstorm (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to kick off your final project.

### Cross-Cohort Pairing (2:30 - 4:00)

Create a Flash Card Rails app using the following specifications:

* a user sees a list of flashcard sets
* when a set is chosen, the game starts by displaying the first card and a place to enter an answer
* the application loops through the set and displays each card once
* at the end of the set, the application shows the user how many correct and incorrect guesses were made

Groups:

* With Glen Egbert: Laura Whalin and Bryce Holcomb
* With Ian Andersen: Krista A Nelson and Michael Dao
* With Kavita Sachdeva: Orion Osborn and Rich Shea
* With Jim Sutton: Chris Luhring and Nathan Owsiany
* With Aaron Paul Wortham: Alexandra Robinson and Scott Crawford
* With Luke Aiken: Lydia Shafer and Emily Berkeley
* With Sara Simon: Brandon Mrsny and Kit Pearson
* With Rolando Navarrete: Bhargavi Satpathy and Jeffrey Wan

## 1409

### Pivot Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jorge to review your projects:

* 9:00: Sam Kuhlmann & Victoria Harrod & Alex Jensen & Danny Glunz
* 9:45: Travis Yoder & Chase van Hekken & Kate Lane & David Bayendor
* 10:30: Herbert Joseph & Gregory Narajka & Chandra Carney & Adam Smith (with Jorge and Ben)
* 11:15: Timothy Mee & Konr Josef Larson & Zachary Routhier (with Jorge and Ben)

### Personas for UX (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Jorge in Classroom C to talk about his persona.

### Wireframes for UX (2:00 - 3:00)

Create some wireframes with Jorge in Classroom C.

## 1410

### ContactManager Work Time (9:00 - 11:00)

Those contacts aren't going to manage themselves.

### ContactManager Q&A (11:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in classroom B to talk about ContactManager. 

### ContactManager Refactoring (1:00 - 2:30)

Use what you learned in Josh's Q&A session this morning to continue working on Contact Manager. 

### Cross-Cohort Pairing (2:30 - 4:00)

Check under 1407's schedule for your groups.

## 1412

### Robodoku (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk about Roboduku.

### Sudoku Algorithm Practice (10:00 - 12:00)

[Do Stanley's Sudoku](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuUNB4HPlO8).

### Mastermind Evaluations (10:00 - 4:00)

Evaluations sessions will be 25 minutes in length. When you're not in your evaluation, you'll be working on **Robodoku**.

### With Jeff

* 1:00: Stanley Siudzinski
* 1:30: Jeffrey Gu
* 2:00: Juan Manuel Navarro
* 3:00: Paul Grever
* 3:30: Austin Wood

### With Josh

* 1:00: Jack Yeh
* 1:30: Trey Tomlinson
* 2:00: Andrew Overby
* 3:00: Teresa Finn
* 3:30: Miriam Moser

### With Horace

* 1:00: Markus Olsen
* 1:30: David E Maurer
* 2:00: Fred Block
* 3:00: Kyra Weber
* 3:30: DJ Greenfield

### With Ben

* 1:00: Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 1:30: Edward McCarthy
* 2:00: Lori Culberson
* 2:30: Kyle Henson
