---
title: 20150603
layout: outline
---

Today in History: 1965 - Gemini 4 launches, and Ed White performs the first American spacewalk.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Given a paragraph of text with multiple sentences, print out the five most commonly appearing letters along with their number of occurrences.

Post your solution in #warmup-answers by 9:00 AM with your full posse name. 
The most interesting/creative/obfuscated solutions will receive an arbitrary number of points.

### Recitation - Mythical Creatures (4:25 - 5:30)

Classroom A

### How to Engage with Your Community with Jessica Goulding

Join the incomparable Jessica Goulding in the Big Workspace and learn just how to engage with your community.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/jessicag)

### Community Night: NodeBots Up And Running

Classroom A.  RSVP if you want pizza.

[Details](http://www.meetup.com/Turing-Community-Events/events/222237680/)


## 1412

### Introduction to Ember I  (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve as you learn about a framework for creating ambitious web apps. Classroom A.

### Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work time.


## 1502 

### Testing an Internal API (9:00 - 10:30)

You know how to expose an API. Now you will learn how to test it. Classroom B.

### Testing an External API (10:30 - 12:00)

You know how to consume an API. Now you will learn how to test it. Classroom B.

### Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work time.


## 1503

### Form and Route Helpers in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel as you learn about some of the cool things you can do in Rails. Classroom C.

### Blogger Kickoff and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)
 
Your first Rails tutorial. I remmeber the days. Classroom C.


## 1505

### Enigma Work Time (9:00 - 10:30)

Check in with an instructor to see how you're doing on Enigma. 

### Debugging Techniques (10:30 - 12:00)

Learn how to debug your code. Big Workspace with Mike

### Enigma Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Zug zug.
