---
title: 150114
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Okay, it's a special day in the module. It's time to take a 20 minute dip into a language you've never played with before.

Head over to [this site](http://learnxinyminutes.com/) and try out a language you've never used before. You might have to do some installation and setup, so we'll give you some time on Friday to experiment as well.

Some suggestions:

* Clojure
* Rust
* Elixir
* Nim

In `#warmup-answers`, please post your reflections: What stuck you as "Oh, that's cool?" and what made you think "Huh?"

## 1407

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

You've got plenty of help this morning.

Steve is on hand the entire time to help get your projects off the ground. He's be doing some setup, merging some pull requests, and helping you structure some code.

Ben will also be on hand for questions and code review.

Horace is on hand for 10 minute questions.

### The Daily Iteration (1:00 - 3:00)

Ben will be developing a Rails app from scratch using TDD.

You'll learn about outside-in development, when to use integration vs. unit tests, and possibly some new and interesting profanity.

### Ember and WebSockets (3:00 - 4:00)

Join Steve in Classroom C to talk about building real-time applications in Ember.

## 1409

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Horace is on hand for Rails questions.

Steve might answer your JavaScript questions, but not your CSS questions.

Ben will be around for code review.

### The Daily Iteration (1:00 - 3:00)

Ben will be developing a Rails app from scratch using TDD.

You'll learn about outside-in development, when to use integration vs. unit tests, and possibly some new and interesting profanity.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace will be on hand for code review (30-45 minutes).

## 1410

### Authenticated IdeaBox in Rails (9:00 - 10:00)

In the pairs listed below, use TDD to build an app based on the following features:

* a user sees a form to log in on the root page
* when a unregistered user logs in, a flash message is displayed saying that the attempt was invalid
* when a registered user logs in, a list of ideas associated with that user are displayed
* when a user clicks the logout button, a flash message is displayed on the root page saying that logout was successful

Don't worry about building functionality to add new ideas right now. If you want to, you can add users and and ideas from `rails console`. 

Pairs:
 
* Alexandra Robinson & Rich Shea
* Scott Crawford & Orion Osborn
* Kit Pearson & Krista A Nelson
* Brandon Mrsny & Michael Dao
* Bhargavi Satpathy & Lydia Shafer
* Bryce Holcomb & Emily Berkeley
* Jeffrey Wan & Chris Luhring
* Nathan Owsiany & Laura Whalin

### Pushing Logic Down the Stack (10:00 - 12:00)

Push that logic where it belongs with Rachel in Classroom C.

### Not Writing Class Methods (and Other Thoughts) (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet up with Josh in Classroom B to talk about some best practices for structuring web applications.

## 1412

### Robodoku Peer Review (9:00 - 11:00)

You likely have some different approaches to Robodoku. Let's meet up in pairs and review each other's code.

* David E Maurer & Teresa Finn
* Jeffrey Gu & Paul Grever
* Fred Block & Jack Yeh
* Lori Culberson & DJ Greenfield
* Juan Manuel Navarro & Austin Wood
* Markus Olsen & Stanley Siudzinski
* Miriam Moser & Edward McCarthy
* Andrew Overby & Trey Tomlinson
* Kyra Weber & Charles Valentino Espinoza & Kyle Henson

Please spend 60 minutes on each project (40 minutes if you're in a triplet).

Focus on the following topics:

* Are methods do more than one thing?
* Are you making the best use of Ruby's enumerable methods?
* Do you have unnecessary conditionals?
* Are you making the best use of what Ruby has to offer?
* Best practices for refining your algorithms.

### Robodoku: Ninja Style (11:00 - 12:00)

Have your considered approaching Robodoku in a ninja-like fashion?

Well, prepare to flip out with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Robodoku Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Take what you've learned this morning and apply it. Steve would really appreciate it if you all could finish this project up, because he hates spelling Robodoku—to date, he has not gotten it correct on the first try.
