---
title: 20150330
layout: outline
---

## All

### Code Retreat (9:00 - 12:00)

Let's sharpen our skills in preparation for the next six weeks.

Meet with Steve in the big workspace.

### Posse Time (3:30 - 4:00)

Normally, we do posse time on Monday mornings, but the staff stole 1503 in order to talk about themselves. Take this time to meet your new posse members.

## 1410

### Jet Fuel Recap and Refactor (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet with Horace in Classroom B review Jet Fuel.

### Module 4 Kickoff (3:00 - 3:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to kick off your final module.

## 1412

### The Pivot Kickoff (1:00 - 3:30)

Time to turn your Dinner Dashes in "another direction." Meet [**The Pivot**](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/the_pivot.markdown) (aka "Oh my God, why?").

This project will be completed in teams of three with a final due date of
Thursday, April 16.

You will work in the following groups:

* Kyra Steenbock, Dustin Gault, Rich Shea (work on Kyra's codebase)
* Trey Tomlinson, Markus Olsen, Charles Valentino Espinoza (work on Trey's codebase)
* DJ Greenfield, Jeffrey Gu, Stanley Siudzinski (work on DJ's codebase)
* Miriam Moser, Lori Culberson, Edward McCarthy (work on Miriam's codebase)
* Paul Grever, Kit Pearson, Austin Wood (work on Paul's codebase)

Meet with Jorge in the Big Workspace, and expect the unexpected.

## 1502

### Introduction to Sinatra (1:00 - 1:30)

Get to know a little more about a web framework named after the second most famous person to come out of Hoboken, New Jersey.

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C.

### TaskManager Q&A and Review (1:30 - 2:30)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom C to talk about TaskManager.

### HTML/CSS Review (2:30 - 3:30)

Brush up on your HTML and CSS with Josh Mejia in Classroom C.

## 1503

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet the fine faculty of the Turing School of Software and Design.

### Welcome to Turing (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jeff to get yourself acclimated to your new home for the next seven months.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You met the staff. Now, it's time to get to know each other. Lunch is on us.

### How to Learn at Turing (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk about how to get the most out of your time at Turing.

### Computer Setup (2:30 - 4:00)

You are developers now. [Let's get your MacBooks setup accordingly.](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html)

In addition lets make sure you setup:

* Slack desktop app
* Your correct name on your GitHub account
* A twitter account if you don't have one
