---
title: 20150303
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

### Guest Speakers: Sarah Mei and Sam Phippen (11:00 - 12:00)

## 1409

### Improving Query Performance (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn this one weird trick to improve your queries with Horace in Classroom A.

We'll read through the [tutorial here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/queries.html).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace is on hand for questions and possibly some answers.

## 1410

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:00)

Understand that which cannot be understood with Josh in Classroom B.

### Handling Errors and Failure (10:00 - 11:00)

Handle some failure with Jorge in the Big Workspace.

### Check-ins and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jorge

* 1:00: Bryce Holcomb
* 1:10: Krista A Nelson
* 1:20: Bhargavi Satpathy
* 1:30: Nathan Owsiany
* 1:40: Scott Crawford
* 1:50: Rich Shea
* 2:00: Michael Dao
* 2:10: Adam Smith
* 2:20: Jeffrey Wan
* 2:30: Emily Berkeley
* 2:40: Orion Osborn
* 2:50: Alexandra Robinson
* 3:00: Konr Josef Larson
* 3:10: Lydia Shafer
* 3:20: Laura Whalin
* 3:30: Chris Luhring
* 3:40: Kit Pearson
* 3:50: Brandon Mrsny

## 1412

### Authentication (9:00 - 11:00)

Keep out unauthorized users with Rachel in Classroom C. Want the slides? Find them [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/k8jsy5i9wgwk52x/AADpCVwnRuZThsmTVfFU2i3na?dl=0). 

### Work Time Authentication in My Jams (1:00 - 4:00)

Get your jam on. Rachel is on call to answer all of your questions.

## 1502

### File I/O and CSVs (9:00 - 10:30)

Input some files; output some files; learn about Jeff, Rachel, and Steve's former bread and butter: [Files and CSVs in Classroom B](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/file_io_and_csvs.markdown).

### Project Kick-Off (10:30-11:00)

#### SalesEngine

If you passed Mastermind then you're ready for the legendary [SalesEngine](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html).

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Chelsea & Kristina
* Tyler & Tess
* Tony & Eric
* Mike & Michelle

Your SalesEngine is due and expected to be *complete* on Thursday, March 12th.

#### Enigma

Everyone else will be working on a new project, [Enigma](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/enigma.html).

You're working solo. That's Andrew, Minnie, Jamie, Mihir, Patrick, David, Dmitry, Eugene, Kyle, Rob, Tom, Tracy,
Jack, and Kenny.

Your Enigma is due and expected to be *complete* on Monday, March 9th.

### Work Time & Diagnostics

This afternoon you'll dig into your projects except for your diagnostic assessment below:

#### With Alex

* 1:30: Jamie Kawahara
* 2:00: Kenny Chen
* 2:30: Patrick Medaugh
* 3:00: Michael Merrill
* 3:30: Eric Dowty

#### With Jeff

* 1:00: Mihir Parikh
* 1:30: Chelsea Worrel
* 3:00: Michelle Golle
* 3:30: Tony DiNitto
* Later: Minnie Lee

#### With Josh Cheek

* 1:00: David Daniel
* 1:30: Kristina Brown
* 2:00: Tracy Caruso
* 2:30: Eugene Khanutin
* 3:00: Tyler Graham
* 3:30: Andrew Carmer

#### With Horace

* 1:00: Kyle Henson
* 1:30: Thomas Leskin
* 2:00: Dmitry Vizersky
* 2:30: Rob Cornell
* 3:00: Tess Griffin
* 3:30: Jack Yeh
