---
title: 20150302
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Time (8:30 - 9:00)

When Slack acquired ScreenHero, they shut down registrations—but existing users can still invite new users. Please invite the 1502 members in your posse. After they have registered, they can fill out the form below to have us pay for their account.

* [How to invite people to ScreenHero](http://blog.screenhero.com/post/110852538851/already-a-screenhero-user-heres-how-to-invite)
* [1502: Fill out this form once you have your account](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1wJUbwB0doGgeyp9rGDt14aHtNE8nGlRueoSe_qpVRr4/viewform)

### Lightning Talks (2:15 - 3:10)

Gather in the big workspace for lightning talks. 

* Nathan Owsiany: Ruby Microframeworks
* Teresa Finn: Gardening & Technology
* Timothy Mee: Who Is John Backus?
* Laura Whalin: How to Make Awesome Wireframes
* Kate Lane: Breaking the Grid
* DJ Greenfield: Portrait of a Language as a Young Program
* Lydia Shafer: 3D Printing
* Trey Tomlinson: LAME MP3

### Electives (3:10 - 4:00)

We'll stay in the workspace right after lightning talks to introduce the next round of electives.

#### Build a Web Server with Josh Cheek

In this class, we will understand the web and HTTP by building a webs erver.

You will need to have familiarity with classes, methods, and string manipulation. You might get to work with blocks, unless I can think of an elegant way to avoid them.

We will see what makes a request a GET or POST request, what headers and cookies actually are, where HTML fits into all of this, how a redirect works, etc.

As usual, you'll get my flavor of TDD and design.

#### Resuscitating an Open Source Project with Jeff

A few years ago I wrote [a gem named Draper](https://github.com/drapergem/draper). Since then it's
fallen into a bit of disrepair. For this three-class elective we'll try to get it
back on track.

Coming in to this elective you need to:

* Understand the basics of Rails applications (1409 yes, 1410 yes, 1412 maybe)
* Be comfortable with TDD
* Be ready for a lot of unguided work (aka this is not a follow-along-with-what-I-tell-you kind of class)
* Have a desire to dig into to some fucked up parts of Rails
* Be up for writing documentation

For this elective I'd like to have no more than *eight people*.

#### Using Jekyll to Create a Blog Hosted on Github Pages with Rachel

Jekyll is a Ruby gem that provides a (relatively) simple way to build a blog using templates, partials, markdown, code snippets, etc. In this elective, we'll learn how to generate a Jekyll project, preview content on localhost, and use Github Pages to host and publish your blog. 

We'll treat this elective more like a workshop than a class.

#### ActiveRecord Golf ####
See how efficiently you can filter data using ActiveRecord queries.

Each week we will have three 'holes' (like holes on a golf course). These holes will be bits of code that are filtering data using Ruby, but can be improved by using ActiveRecord.

We will use different tools and gems to measure the performance of the original code and the refactored code.

We'll keep a running score that will carry across all three weeks.

By the end of the three weeks you should have a solid understanding of:

* `has_many :through`
* polymorphism
* self-referential associations

#### Intro to Clojure ####

Clojure is a Lisp implemented on top of the Java Virtual Machine. It offers some powerful tools for functional programming 

In the first session we'll get set up with the language, review some basic syntax, and look at some common tools. In later sessions we'll pair up and work through some exercises to get comfortable with clojure's syntax and functional approach to solving problems. Throughout the elective we'll discuss some of the history of Lisp as a family of languages and the ideas behind functional programming in general.


## 1409

### Extracting a Notification Service (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning, you'll be working through the following tutorial on [extracting a notification service][not].

Horace will kick things off in Classroom B and then be on hand for questions.

[not]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/monsterporium/extract_notification_service.html

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Horace to show off what you've got and talk about the Rails end of your application.

* 1:00: Sam Kuhlmann & Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder
* 1:20: Zachary Routhier & Herbert Joseph & Victoria Harrod
* 1:40: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Chase van Hekken
* 2:00: David Bayendor & Kate Lane & Alex Jensen

Josh Cheek is on hand for questions.

## 1410

### Getting Started with OAuth (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jorge in Classroom A to offload your authentication onto someone else.

### Presenters and Decorators (10:30 - 12:00)

Present and decorate with Josh in Classroom A.

## 1412

### Contact Manager Q&A (9:00 - 10:30)

Ask your questions of the the Contact Manager himself, Josh Mejia, in Classroom C.

### Database Schema Design (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom B as Rachel drops by to talk about schema design. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/database_schema_design.markdown). 

### Sessions, Cookies, and Flashes (1:00 - 2:30)

These are real things. Seriously. Join Josh in Classroom A.

## 1502

### Event Manager Kickoff (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Jeff in the Big Workspace to kick off [EventManager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html).

While you work today please keep in touch with the following partner to discuss
what you're doing and ask each other questions. But you should each build your
own implementation.

* Thomas Leskin & Tracy Caruso
* Dmitry Vizersky & Eugene Khanutin
* Michelle Golle & Tess Griffin
* Mihir Parikh & Jamie Kawahara
* Andrew Carmer & Jack Yeh
* Patrick Medaugh & Rob Cornell
* Chelsea Worrel & Tony DiNitto
* Minnie Lee & Eric Dowty
* David Daniel & Tyler Graham
* Kyle Henson & Kenny Chen
* Michael Merrill & Kristina Brown

### Mastermind/Battleship Evaluations (10:00 - 2:30)

Please come with your [Mastermind](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/mastermind.html)/[Battleship](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/battleship.html) implementation to the following
evaluation appointment:

#### With Jeff

* 10:00: Kyle Henson
* 10:20: Thomas Leskin
* 10:40: Dmitry Vizersky
* 11:00 Tess Griffin
* 11:20: Rob Cornell
* 11:40: Jack Yeh

#### With Josh Cheek

* 10:00: Tyler Graham
* 10:20: Eric Dowty
* 10:40: Jamie Kawahara
* 11:00: Kenny Chen
* 11:20: Michael Merrill
* 11:40: Patrick Medaugh
* 1:00: Mihir Parikh

#### With Jorge

* 10:40: David Daniel
* 11:00: Kristina Brown
* 11:20: Tracy Caruso
* 11:40: Eugene Khanutin

#### With Alex

* 10:20: Minnie Lee
* 10:40: Chelsea Worrel
* 11:00: Tony DiNitto
* 11:20: Andrew Carmer
* 11:40: Michelle Golle
