---
title: 20150401
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

**In your posses**, get 1503 set up with Exercism. In pairs, 1502 and 1503 students should work on Ruby challenge. 1410 and 1412 should work on a JavaScript challenge.

## 1410

### Working with APIs in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in classroom B to talk about [writing and testing JSON APIs in Rails](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/active_model_serializers_and_api_controller_tests.markdown).

### Working with APIs with jQuery (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom B to consume some APIs with jQuery.

We'll be revisiting an old friend: [IdeaBox](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/ideabox-jquery).

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve is on hand for questions (and potentially some answers).

## 1412

### Seeding Data Efficiently (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace to talk about planting some seeds.

### Seed Data Workshop (10:30 - 12:00)

Josh will kick off your challenge for the morning in the Big Workspace.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh is on hand for questions and code review.

## 1502

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom A to review your homework.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (9:30 - 12:00)

Test some models in Sinatra with Rachel in Classroom A.

### Nokogiri (1:00 - 1:30)

Rachel will be showing you how to use a Japanese wood saw in Classroom C.

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (1:30 - 4:00)

Let's meet with world's largest rodent and find acceptance in Classroom C.

### Introduction to SQL (4:00 - 5:30)

Meet with Sam in Classroom C to learn some SQL.

## 1503

### Arrays and Hash (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk all about Arrays and Hashes.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/arrays_and_hashes.markdown)
* [Collection Challenges](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/collections.markdown)

### Deaf Grandma Workshop (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet with Horace in Classroom A to work on the [Deaf Grandma](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/deaf_grandma.markdown) challenge in the following pairs:

* Josh Cass & Dmitry Vizersky
* Andrew Fink & Michael Merrill
* Margarett Ly & Morgan Miller
* Lev Kravinsky & Vanessa Gomez
* Whitney Hiemstra & Drew Reynolds
* Justin Holmes & Chelsea Worrel
* Max Tedford & Rick Bacci
* Eugene Khanutin & Dave Maurer
* Brett Grigsby & Sally MacNicholas
* Erik Butcher & Rob Cornell

### How Testing Works (2:00 - 3:45)

It would be super nice if you felt confident that your code actually worked, right? Well, Horace will show you how in Classroom A. Learn about [How Testing Works](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_testing_works.markdown).

### Starting Fibber (3:45 - 4:00)

Finally Horace will kickoff your small [Fibber](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/fibber.markdown) project in Classroom A. It's due at 9AM on Monday the 6th.
