---
title: 20150730
layout: outline
---

Today in 1975, Jimmy Hoffa disappears from the parking lot of the Machus Red Fox restaurant. He is never seen or heard from again.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Thursday is JavaScript day!

Given the following two arrays:

var firstList = ["A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F"];

var secondList = ["C", "E", "F"];

Write a function that removes all of the elements in the secondList from the firstList.

The result should be ["A", "B", "D"].

### Student Advisory Board (After Wrap-Up)

Location TBA.

### Demo Night.

No RSVP, no pizza.

## 1502

### Pub/Sub on the Server (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve in Classroom A.

(If you don't have Redis installed, please make sure you install it before coming to class: `brew install redis`.)

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/pubsub_on_the_server.markdown)
* [Repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/slacker)

### Building Real-Time Applications in Node (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom A with Steve.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/real_time_applications_with_node.markdown)
* [Repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/right-now)

### Project Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00 - 1:15: Fred
* 1:20 - 1:35: Michelle, Mihir, and Kyle
* 1:40 - 1:55: David
* 2:00 - 2:15: Eric, Andrew, and Kristina
* 2:20 - 2:35: Patrick
* 2:40 - 2:55: Tracy and Minnie, Lori
* 3:00 - 3:15: Tom, Kenny, and Tess

## 1503

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

Before your evaluation, please submit your repo and production urls here: https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1503/10_rales_engine.markdown.

#### With Jorge

* 9:00 - 9:15: Brett Grigsby
* 9:15 - 9:30: Max Tedford
* 9:30 - 9:45: Rick Bacci
* 9:45 - 10:00: Sally MacNicholas
* 11:00 - 11:15: Margarett Ly
* 11:15 - 11:30: Chelsea Worrel
* 11:30 - 11:45: Rob Cornell

#### With Josh Mejia

* 9:00 - 9:15: Drew Reynolds
* 9:15 - 9:30: Josh Cass
* 9:30 - 9:45: Lev Kravinsky
* 9:45 - 10:00: Whitney Hiemstra

#### With DJ

* 9:00 - 9:15: Vanessa Gomez
* 9:15 - 9:30: Andrew Fink
* 9:30 - 9:45: Morgan Miller
* 9:45 - 10:00: Justin Holmes
* 10:00 - 10:15: Erik Butcher
* 10:15 - 10:30: Jack Yeh
* 10:30 - 10:45: Dave Maurer
* 10:45 - 11:00: Jamie Kawahara

### Self-Directed Projects Intro (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet with Jorge in classroom B to talk about your Self-Directed project.

The goal of this project is to create a successful web application from a project idea. You will create an app that will authenticate with a third-party service, consume an api, and solve an actual problem.

Successful completion of this project will earn you your `software developer` status.

You can check the projects specs [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/self_directed_project.markdown).

### Self-Directed Project Ideation & Prep (2:00 - 4:00)

To help with your ideation process, read the **High-Concept Pitches** and **Elevator Pitches** of **Pitching Hacks** by the cofounders of [AngelList](https://angel.co). These chapters are very short, practical, and easy to read (yes, I used an Oxford comma).

Develop three ideas for your individual projects. The ideas must solve a real problem. You should follow the template in the [specs](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/self_directed_project.markdown#project-concepts).

Make sure to explore the APIs you plan to use to assess the feasibility of your project.

**We will meet in classroom B after wrap-up to answer any questions.**

We will kickoff the project on Monday after lunch.

## 1505

### Git Workflow (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Rails Mini Project / Mid Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Drew Conly
* 1:45 - Samson Brock
* 2:30 - Mike Reeves

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Mitch Ashby
* 1:45 - Michael Dorrance
* 2:30 - Jason Wright


## 1507

### Echo: Sales Engine Work Time & Client Meeting (9:00 - 12:00)

Work on those Sales Engines.

At 11:30 please meet Jeff near the instructor desks to discuss your progress.

### Foxtrot: Enigma Evaluations and Exercism Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Remember Exercism? The "diet and exercise" of Turing? Today's the day to
get back at it. When you're not in your eval, do it.

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Rose Kohn and Rebekah Sosa
* 9:30 - Travis Haby and Tyler Komoroske
* 10:00 - BREAK
* 10:30 - Bret Doucette and Rachel Parri
* 11:00 -  Mary Beth Burch and David Stinnette

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 - Chad Minnerath and Michael Wong
* 9:30 - Jeff Ruane and Jerrod Paul Junker
* 10:00 - Chris Cenatiempo and Justin Pease
* 10:30 - BREAK
* 11:00 - Mimi Schatz and Regis Boudinot
* 11:30 - Nicole Hall and Adam Jensen

#### All: Week 4 Diagnostic (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom A.

### All: Code Retreat (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Josh Cheek in Classroom A where you'll attack the classic Code Retreat puzzle: Conway's Game of Life.

#### Echo: Client Meeting (3:45 - 4:00)

Meet with Mike at the conference table in Classroom A.
