---
title: 20150304
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Get together with your posse and [solve this logic problem](http://cl.ly/0X353Q2X2H0f).

## 1409

### Workers at Scale (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Horace in Classroom C to scale your workers.

We'll have some brief discussion based on this [lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/workers_at_scale.markdown) and then work through the tutorial [here](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/small_background_jobs.html) in the following pairs:

* Chase van Hekken & Sam Kuhlmann
* Travis Yoder & Timothy Mee
* David Bayendor & Victoria Harrod
* Gregory Narajka & Kate Lane
* Zachary Routhier & Alex Jensen
* Chandra Carney & Herbert Joseph

### Group Ember Login BugSmash (10:00 - 12:00)

Continue with Horace in C for the rest of the morning.

Ember login can be a bit of a PITA. We can open more browser tabs at
once with 13 of us, so let's get together and see what we can come up
with.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Cheek is on hand for questions.

## 1410

### Handling Errors and Failure (9:00 - 10:30)

Handle some failure with Jorge in Classroom A. Slides for the lesson are [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/gadq54bdh8arew7/Turing%20-%20Handling%20Errors%20in%20Rails.key?dl=0).

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Jorge is around for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon you'll have some time to work on your projects.

## 1412

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom B to go over your homework.

### Authorization and Privileges (9:30 - 10:30)

Join Josh in Classroom B to get authorized.

### Authorization Live-Coding (10:30 - 12:00)

Continue with Josh in B for the live codes.

[Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8rtbyt0o1m446mo/Authorization%20and%20Privileges.key?dl=0)
Clone the auth-bcrypt [repo](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/auth-bcrypt) and checkout the `authorization-start` branch.

### Work Time: Authorization Mini-Project (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon complete a short project focused on authorization in Classroom C.

Add the following user stories to your MyJams projects:


>As an exisiting user
>When I visit '/songs'
>Then I should see only songs associated with my account

>As an existing user
>When I visit my profile
>Then I should see my profile

>As a non-exisiting user
>When I visit a users profile
>Then I should be redirected to the home page
>And I should see a flash alert saying "Not authorized."

>As an admin user
>When I visit a users profile
>Then I should see the profile information for that user

## 1502

### Session 1: Decomposing Enigma (9:00-10:30)

If you're working on *Enigma*, report to the workspace to break down the problem
with Jeff.

If you're working on *SalesEngine*, this is your work time. You can use the workspace
or the side areas of A.

### Session 2: Decomposing SalesEngine (10:30-12:00)

If you're working on *SalesEngine*, report to the workspace to break down the problem
with Rachel. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/sales_engine_decomposition.markdown). 

If you're working on *Enigma*, this is your work time. You can use the workspace
or the side areas of A.

### Debugging Your Code -- Class Session (1:00-3:00)

Join Horace in Classroom B to discuss some useful techniques for debugging code.

#### Debugging Exercise

Get together with your pair in classroom B and get some practice [debugging your old friend the linked list](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/data_structures_and_algorithms/tree/master/linked_lists).

Pairs:

* Chelsea Worrel & Kristina Brown
* Mihir Parikh & Dmitry Vizersky
* David Daniel & Andrew Carmer
* Kenny Chen & Tracy Caruso
* Eric Dowty & Tony DiNitto
* Thomas Leskin & Michael Merrill
* Eugene Khanutin & Jamie Kawahara
* Tyler Graham & Tess Griffin
* Jack Yeh & Kyle Henson
* Patrick Medaugh & Minnie Lee
* Michelle Golle & Rob Cornell
