---
title: 20150716
layout: outline
---

Today in 1969, [Apollo 11](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_11)  was launched from the Kennedy Space Center.

It's also Andre Greipel's birthday!

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.

Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.

Five points by posting your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name before 9:00

### Lightning Talk Rehearsal - (4:15 - 5:15)

You know who you are.

### Student Advisory Board (4:15 - 5:15)

Meeting at a place.


## 1502

### Scale Up Evaluations (9:00 - 10:30)

#### With Jeff

* 10:00: Mihir Parikh
* 10:30: Lori Culberson
* 11:00: Tracy Caruso
* 11:30: David Daniel

#### With Horace

* 9:00:  Kristina Brown
* 9:30:  Kyle Henson
* 10:00: Thomas Leskin
* 10:30: Minnie Lee
* 11:00: Michelle Golle

#### With Steve

* 9:00:  Fred Block
* 9:30:  Patrick Medaugh
* 10:00: Andrew Carmer
* 10:30: Kenny Chen
* 11:00: Eric Dowty


### Object-Oriented JavaScript with Canvas (1:00 - 4:00)

Classroom B.

We'll be working through [these exercises](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/object-oriented-javascript/03-canvas-and-object-oriented-javascript.md).

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Mihir Parikh & Minnie Lee
* Tracy Caruso & Patrick Medaugh
* Andrew Carmer & Kenny Chen
* Kristina Brown & Eric Dowty
* David Daniel & Michelle Golle
* Lori Culberson & Thomas Leskin
* Kyle Henson & Fred Block

#### Canvas Resources

* [MDN Canvas API Documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API)
* [31 Days of Canvas Tutorials](http://creativejs.com/2011/08/31-days-of-canvas-tutorials/)

#### Additional Resources

* [A First Experiment with Arduino, Nodebots, and Johnny-Five](http://stevekinney.tumblr.com/post/106928533427/a-first-experiment-with-arduino-nodebots-and)
* [p5.js](http://p5js.org)
* [Node School: WebGL with Three.js](https://github.com/alexmackey/IntroToWebGLWithThreeJS)

## 1503

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Final touches time. If you aren't on production at this point, you might have a problem.

### Supper Skip Evaluations (1:00 - 3:00)

__With Horace:__

* (1:00 - 2:00) - Chelsea Worrel, Morgan Miller, Sally MacNicholas
* (2:00 - 3:00) - Brett Grigsby, Rick Bacci, David Maurer
* (3:00 - 4:00) - Jack Yeh, Vanessa Gomez, Margarett Ly

__With Jorge:__

* (1:00 - 2:00) - Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Whitney Heimstra
* (2:00 - 3:00) - Drew Reynolds, Erik Butcher, Rob Cornell, Josh Cass
* (3:00 - 4:00) - Max Tedford, Jamie Kawahara, Lev Kravinsky

## 1505

### Traffic Spy Check-Ins (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - 9:45: Marla, Lovisa, Mike
* 9:50 - 10:35: Mitch, David, Jason

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - 9:45: Adam, Alex, Michael, Samson
* 9:50 - 10:35: Sebastian, Drew, Max, Jai

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Push forward on your projects.


## 1507

We have a lot of pieces in motion today, so let's look at the schedule by group
rather than by time:

## 1507 - Foxtrot

### Mythical Creatures Chat (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Mike in Classroom A where he'll review some solutions and answer your
questions about the Mythical Creatures assignment.

### Mythical Creatures Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

With those new understandings, dive back into the exercises and work on them
until lunch. Please try to push your Chisel aside -- the practice you do and
understandings you build with the Creatures will make your Chisel work go much
faster.

### Diagnostic & Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Start in Classroom A to complete your Week 2 diagnostic. Once you're done then
you can work where/how you please on Creatures or Chisel.

### Chisel Chat (2:30 - 4:00)

Join Mike in Classroom C where he'll check-in on the group's Chisel progress,
answer questions, and give some ideas to help accelerate your progress.


## 1507 - Echo

* Finishing Time 9-12

### Evals, Diagnostics, and Linked-List Self-Study (1:00-2:30)

During this session you have three things to accomplish:

1. Participate in your evaluation for Robodoku following the schedule below.
2. Complete your Week 2 diagnostic which will be available in Classroom A
3. Learn about Linked Lists by reading/watching some of these:
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list),
[Stanford](http://cslibrary.stanford.edu/103/LinkedListBasics.pdf),
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBrz9HmjFOs). We'll answer questions
together at 2:30.

*With Jeff*

* 1:00 - Russel Harms
* 1:10 - Matt Hecker
* 1:20 - Alon Waisman
* 1:30 - Jerrod Paul Junker
* 1:40 - Justin Holzmann

*With Mike*

* 1:00 - George Hudson
* 1:10 - Matt Ewell
* 1:20 - Michael Wong
* 1:30 - Chris Cenatiempo
* 1:40 - Ryan Asensio

### Building Linked Lists (2:30 - 3:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to build some linked lists in the physical world.

### Binary Search Trees (3:30 - 4:00)

Stay in Classroom A for us to kick off your Binary Search Trees project.

