---
title: 20150609
layout: outline
---

Today in History: In 1934, Donald Duck makes his first appearance.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Become A Real Estate Tycoon](http://cl.ly/2K1Y082i350U)

Post your answers in #warmup-answers. Hard work is its own reward.

### Recitation - None Today

Get to pairing!

### Guest Speaker - Scott Rocher (11:00 - 12:00)

Scott is the Director of Engineering at [Blue Bottle Coffee](https://bluebottlecoffee.com/), and a fantastic person.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/rochers)

## 1412

### Pub/Sub on the Server (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn about Pubbing and Subbing. Steve will show you how in Classroom B.

### Websockets in Node (10:30 - 12:00)

Now that you've got the idea of Pubbing and Subbing, let's apply the idea ot Websockets
in Node with Steve. Again in Classroom B.

### Game Time Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

With Steve
* 1:00 - Kit Pearson & Paul Grever
* 2:00 - Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* 3:00 - Markus Olsen & Kyra Steenbock

With Horace
* 1:00 - Miriam Moser & DJ Greenfield
* 2:00 - Rich Shea & Trey Tomlinson
* 3:00 - Charles Valentino Espinoza & Dustin Gault & Jeffrey Gu


## 1502

### Caching Strategies in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

I know you guys missed Horace. FYI, it's pronounced like cash money. Big Workspace.

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Time with Jorge
* 1:00 - Eric Dowty & Patrick Medaugh & Thomas Leskin
* 1:30 - Kristina Brown & Kenny Chen & Lori Culberson
* 2:00 - Mihir Parikh & Jack Yeh & Tess Griffin
* 2:30 - Minnie Lee & Tracy Caruso & Kyle Henson
* 3:00 - Andrew Carmer & Michelle Golle & David Daniel

Code Time with Josh Cheek
* 1:30 - Eric Dowty & Patrick Medaugh & Thomas Leskin
* 2:00 - Kristina Brown & Kenny Chen & Lori Culberson
* 2:30 - Mihir Parikh & Jack Yeh & Tess Griffin
* 3:00 - Minnie Lee & Tracy Caruso & Kyle Henson
* 3:30 - Andrew Carmer & Michelle Golle & David Daniel


## 1503

### Authentication (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn about a crucial part of web apps, authentication, with Rachel this morning in Classroom C.

### Mid Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Rachel

1:45 Brett Grigsby
2:30 Sally MacNicholas
3:15 Rick Bacci

#### With Josh 

1:45 Max Tedford
2:30 Vanessa Gomez
3:15 Andrew Fink

### Work Time: Authentication in my Jams (1:00 - 4:00) 

You got your jams in my authentication!


## 1505

### Testing Strategies (9:00 - 11:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A as you learn to be strategic about your testing.

### Work Time and Instructor Pairing Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Chisel time, best time. Remember to collaborate!




