---
title: 20150310
layout: outline
---
<!--- Classroom Usage
A
9 to 12: 1409

B
9 to 1030: 1410

C
9 to 1030:1412
10:30 to 12:1412

WS
Code reviews, checkins, work time etc.

-->

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

(Steve TBD WARMUP GOES HERE)

## 1409

### Ruby Object Model Revisited (9:00 - 12:00)

You thought ruby had forsaken you, but it is not the case. Join Josh in
Classroom A for a blast-from-the-past with some Ruby Object Model
discussion.

### (Steve TBD) (1:00 - 4:00)

## 1410

### Building an API (9:00 - 10:30)

WebServers are good for more than just serving HTML pages. Discuss APIs
with Jorge in Classroom B.

### Securing an API with authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

And our APIs wouldn't be so great if anyone could just waltz in and snag
the data. Stick with Jorge in Classroom B to talk about securing APIs

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet with Jorge to evaluate your product progress and Josh M to
evaluate your code. (Josh/Jorge TBD - set times)

## 1412

### Routing in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

How do those nonsensical web urls translate into request routing anyway?
Join Josh M. in Classroom C to discuss routing in rails.

### Factory Girl (10:30 - 12)

Factory Girl is a tool for generating test data programmatically. Let's
learn how it works with Rachel in Classroom C

### Dinner Dash Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Rachel is on hand to answer questions.

## 1502

### SalesEngine Check-Ins / Code Reviews (9:00 to 12:00)

Meet with Steve to go over your sales engine progress and get some code
review.

(Jeff/Steve TBD is this actually happening? If so what is the schedule?)

### Enigma Work Time (1:00 to 4:00)

If you aren't doing sales engine, use this time to put the finishing
touches on your Enigmas.

### Enigma Evals (1:00 to 4:00)

Did our intrepid heroes crack the code and foil those Nazi U-Boats? All
hands on deck as we go through your enigma projects and find out.

(Jeff/Steve TBD Schedule for this)

### Sales Engine Work Time (1:00 to 4:00)

If you aren't doing enigma, keep on chugging.
