---
title: 20150617
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Build a solution for the problem of merging three sorted collection.

Imagine we have three sets:

* a: [1,4,9]
* b: [2,3,5]
* c: [6,7,8]

Then the merge should produce [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9].

Try to solve a small problem first. Use pseudocode to separate the algorithmic
thinking from the implementation.

Post your solutions in #warmup-answers

### Women Who Code Ruby Study Group (6:30 - 8:30)

Ask Miriam for more information.


## 1412

### VPS Revisited -- Deploying Node Applications and Using Git as a Deploy Tool (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom B to finish our discussion from Monday about [deploying to a VPS](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/building-a-vps.markdown). During this session we'll recap some of the issues we discussed on Monday and look at deploying Node applications. Additionally, we'll talk about using git to deploy your real applications.

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work on your projects.

### Checkins and Code Review - (1:00 - 4:00)

With Josh Cheek

* 1:00 - Trey, Kit, Jeff
* 1:45 - Miriam, Charles, Paul
* 2:30 - Dustin, Edward, Rich

With Horace

* 1:00 - Kyra, DJ, Austin
* 1:45 - Markus


## 1502

### Debugging Javascript (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Steve in Classroom A to talk about Debugging techniques for working with javascript.

### Working with AJAX (10:00 - 12:00)

During this lesson, we will revisit AJAX, (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) a technique used on client-side development to create asynchronous web apps. We will consume an API from an app that is running on Heroku without a backend and using only JavaScript and HTML.

You will make Steve proud.

Before the class, please clone the following:

```
  git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/birdeck
```

The video and notes for this class will be posted later today.

Join Jorge in Classroom A.

## 1503

### Pushing Logic Down The Stack (9:00 - 10:30)

There are things you shouldn't Google. Don't Google them.

Classroom C with Rachel.

### Dinner Dash Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Remember, don't write bugs in your code.

### Dinner Dash Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work time, work time, Dinner Dash work time.


## 1505

### Testing Small Datasets (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Cheek in the Big Workspace to learn how to not have your Sales Engine tests take FOREVERRRRR.

### Loopback: Fibber (10:30 - 12:00)

Hang out with Mike in the Big Workspace as we take a look back at Fibber through the lens of experience.

### Sales Engine Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You can do it!
