---
title: 20150406
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Meeting Time (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet with you posses:

* Schedule student-to-student pairing/mentoring sessions
* Update mentors with the projects you're currently working on
* Schedule pairing sessions with mentors

### Cross-Cohort Pairing (2:30 - 4:00)

It's time to sharped our skills. We'll be working with colleagues from assorted cohorts.
Everyone needs to meet in the big workspace at 2:30.

Today we're going to run two 40-minute sessions experimenting with the [Game of
Life](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life). You should read that
Wikipedia page beforehand. It's very unlikely that you'll succeed in implementing
the game, the point is to practice your programming and pairing. Consider focusing
on the "Still Lifes" and "Oscillators" demonstrated in the article.

Please work with the following randomly-generated pairings. You should use one
computer and an external keyboard. If your pair is MIA or you're not listed, come
up to the front of the room.

#### Session 1 - Top-Down

In this first session, approach the problem "top-down" starting with a board
and working towards cells.

* Minnie Lee & Kyra Steenbock
* Morgan Miller & Michael Merrill
* Nathan Owsiany & Kristina Brown
* Markus Olsen & Chelsea Worrel
* Eric Dowty & Kit Pearson
* Justin Holmes & Konr Josef Larson
* Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* Dave Maurer & Chris Luhring
* Bhargavi Satpathy & Brett Grigsby
* Patrick Medaugh & Paul Grever
* Jeffrey Wan & Dustin Gault
* Adam Smith & Josh Cass
* Orion Osborn & Rob Cornell
* Drew Reynolds & Andrew Carmer
* DJ Greenfield & Michelle Golle
* Trey Tomlinson & Tracy Caruso
* Mihir Parikh & Sally MacNicholas
* Rich Shea & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Lydia Shafer & Stanley Siudzinski
* Kyle Henson & Krista A Nelson
* Jack Yeh & Max Tedford
* Vanessa Gomez & Scott Crawford
* David Daniel & Thomas Leskin
* Laura Whalin & Erik Butcher
* Andrew Fink & Jeffrey Gu
* Kenny Chen & Tess Griffin
* Rick Bacci & Dmitry Vizersky
* Miriam Moser & Emily Berkeley
* Jamie Kawahara & Alexandra Robinson
* Michael Dao & Lev Kravinsky
* Brandon Mrsny & Bryce Holcomb
* Lori Culberson & Eugene Khanutin
* Margarett Ly & Whitney Hiemstra

#### Session 2

In the second session, approach the problem "bottom-up" starting with a cell
and working towards a board.

* Margarett Ly & Emily Berkeley
* Rob Cornell & Eugene Khanutin
* Lori Culberson & Kyle Henson
* Brett Grigsby & Konr Josef Larson
* Dave Maurer & Chris Luhring
* Josh Cass & Rick Bacci
* Scott Crawford & Brandon Mrsny
* Stanley Siudzinski & Adam Smith
* Edward McCarthy & Kristina Brown
* Nathan Owsiany & Alexandra Robinson
* Markus Olsen & Sally MacNicholas
* Thomas Leskin & David Daniel
* Andrew Fink & Michael Merrill
* Mihir Parikh & Michelle Golle
* Kyra Steenbock & DJ Greenfield
* Jamie Kawahara & Laura Whalin
* Miriam Moser & Rich Shea
* Bhargavi Satpathy & Tracy Caruso
* Orion Osborn & Erik Butcher
* Austin Wood & Chelsea Worrel
* Whitney Hiemstra & Dustin Gault
* Jeffrey Wan & Eric Dowty
* Andrew Carmer & Jack Yeh
* Max Tedford & Lydia Shafer
* Dmitry Vizersky & Patrick Medaugh
* Kit Pearson & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Michael Dao & Trey Tomlinson
* Lev Kravinsky & Bryce Holcomb
* Minnie Lee & Justin Holmes
* Krista A Nelson & Drew Reynolds
* Tess Griffin & Jeffrey Gu
* Vanessa Gomez & Kenny Chen
* Morgan Miller & Paul Grever

### Outreach Elective (4:00 - 5:00)

If you're interested in doing outreach in local public schools, meet with Rachel in Classroom C.

## 1410

### Daily JavaScript (9:00 - 9:30)

This morning, we'll discuss importing and exporting in Node in Classroom A.

* [Modular](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/modular)

### Ember Routing (9:30 - 11:00)

This morning, we're going to get knee deep in Ember routing with Steve in Classroom A.

* [Beard Beats](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/beard-beats)

### Building a Wrapper Gem (11:00 - 12:00)

Horace will drop by Classroom A to talk about building a wrapper gem for your application.

### Background Workers Revisited (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's review background workers with Horace in Classroom C.

## 1412

### JavaScript in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

So, you want to do some trickery in the browser, eh? Josh will show you how in Classroom B.

### Testing JavaScript (10:30 - 12:00)

Now that you're writing JavaScript in your Rails applications, let's put a test on it with Josh in Classroom B.

Work through the steps in this Capybara, Poltergeist, and Phantom.js [tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/capybara/capybara_and_phantom.html).

### Project Worktime (1:00 - 4:00)

Focus on implementing an AJAX feature into your Pivots.

### Resources

* jQuery AJAX [docs](https://api.jquery.com/jQuery.ajax/)
* [Working with JavaScript in Rails](http://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/working_with_javascript_in_rails.html)
* [form_for docs](http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/FormHelper.html#method-i-form_for)
* Ask yourself: What would Richard do? Then, don't do that thing.

## 1502

### Project Peer Review (9:00 - 9:30)

In classroom C, work in the following pairs to review Skill Inventory or Robot World. Things to look at:

* What changes needed to be made to the methods inside of the "manager" class when you switched to Sequel?
* Did model testing change? What about feature testing?
* How were the extensions implemented? (Need a reminder of what the extensions were? Check the bottom of this [lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/crud_sinatra.markdown).)

* Kristina Brown & Mihir Parikh
* Patrick Medaugh & Kenny Chen
* Jack Yeh & Andrew Carmer
* Michelle Golle & Jamie Kawahara
* Kyle Henson & Eric Dowty & Tracy Caruso
* Minnie Lee & Tess Griffin
* David Daniel & Thomas Leskin

### Project Q&A / Recap (9:30 - 10:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C for project recap and Q&A. 

### Database Design and Modeling (10:00 - 11:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom C to design some databases and model some—er, stuff. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/database_design_modeling.markdown). 

### ActiveRecord in Sinatra (11:00 - 12:00 & 1:00 - 2:00)

With SalesEngine behind you, it's time to tackle ActiveRecord with Rachel in Classroom B. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/intro_to_active_record_in_sinatra.markdown). 

### Traffic Spy Kickoff (2:00 - 2:30)

Let's kick off your newest project: [Traffic Spy](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/traffic_spy.html) in Classroom B.

### Homework

Take a look at the Traffic Spy assignment and play with Active Record. Check out the assignment [here](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/active_record_and_database_design.markdown). 

## 1503

### Fibber Recap (9:00 - 10:30)

Reflect on [some of the fibs](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/fibber.markdown) you've told with Horace in the Big Workspace.

### Introducing Enumerables (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around as Jeff drops by in the Big Workspace to talk about the crown jewel of the Ruby programming language. We'll [use this lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown) and you'll work on [these Enumerable exercises](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/enums-exercises).

### How to Pair Program (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's [talk about pair programming](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_tdd_and_pairing.markdown) with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Homework

* Spend about 2 hours pushing forward on your [Enumerables exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/enums-exercises)
* Spend about 90 minutes on [Sandi Metz' POODR](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/poodr.markdown) Part 1,
reading the specified pages and completing the exercise
