---
title: 20150407
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Scientists have developed an allergy test that produces a single numeric score that summarizes information about all the allergies a person has.

The test checks for the following allergies and assigns them the corresponding value:

* eggs (1)
* peanuts (2)
* shellfish (4)
* strawberries (8)
* tomatoes (16)
* chocolate (32)
* pollen (64)
* cats (128)

If Jorge is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

You're job is to write a program that takes the number and translates it back the allergens that the patient is allergic to.

In this case, 34 would translate back into a report saying that Jorge was allergic to peanuts and chocolate.

Because you all love TDD, here are some cases that you can test against:

* A score of two would mean that the patient is allergic to just peanuts.
* A score of 3 would mean that the patient is allergic to eggs and peanuts.

We'll pick this back up tomorrow with some more test cases, but that's a good start for now.

## 1410

### Getting Started with Services (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom B to get started with services.

### Daily JavaScript (10:30 - 11:00)

Stick around in Classroom B as Steve drops by to talk about JavaScript. It'll be a bit of a grab bag today, but we'll briefly focus on AJAX.

### Social Butterfly (11:00 - 12:00)

We'll review the homework and talk a little bit about TDD in Classroom B with Steve.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

We're going to some longer check-ins tomorrow, but let's touch base today for about 20 minutes.

* 1:20: Orion Osborn & Brandon Mrsny & Michael Dao & Bryce Holcomb
* 1:40: Jeffrey Wan & Alexandra Robinson & Nathan Owsiany & Adam Smith
* 2:00: Krista A Nelson & Laura Whalin & Scott Crawford & Konr Josef Larson
* 2:20: Bhargavi Satpathy & Lydia Shafer & Emily Berkeley & Chris Luhring

Steve will be on hand for questions when he is not doing check-ins.

## 1412

### Traversing the DOM with jQuery (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Jorge in the Big Workspace to traverse the DOM.

### DOM Events with jQuery (10:30 - 12:00)

`$('#jorge').on('click', function () { console.log('Big Workspace') });`

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon, you'll meet with your client to check in on your progress.

* 1:00 - 1:30 Keevah
* 1:30 - 2:00 Airlift
* 2:00 - 2:30 TravelHome
* 2:30 - 3:00 FreshThreads 
* 3:00 - 3:30 Gallery

## 1502

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C to review the homework.

### Using Rack: Testing in a Sinatra Application (9:30 - 10:00)

Rachel will put Sinatra to the test in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rack_test_in_sinatra.markdown). 

### Project Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

It's time to spy on some traffic. Rachel is on hand for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue spying on traffic. Rachel is on hand for questions.

## 1503

### How Git Works (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn the basics of Git with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Using Source Control (10:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in Classroom as Horace drops by to talk about using source control.

### Work Time Enumerables and Git (1:00 - 4:00)

Horace will be on hand for questions.
