---
title: 20150921
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1981, Sandra Day O'Connor is unanimously approved to become the first female Supreme Court Justice.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1503

### WebSockets Workshop

Join Horace in Classroom C to get some more practice
working with websockets.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/websockets_workshop.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Keep pushing ahead on those chat applications. Horace will
be available for questions.

__Mini Project Checkins__

* 1:00 Vanessa
* 1:45 Whitney


## 1505

### Working with AJAX (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to send AJAX requests from the client (browser) by interacting with third-party service.

Before this session, please clone the class repo by running the following command:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/birdeck.git fundamental_ajax
```

The materials for this class are the following:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/r1crlwpzt158sto/Turing%20-%20Working%20with%20AJAX%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* The video will be posted after the session.

Meet Jorge in the Big Workspace.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Continue to work on your projects. By this point, you should have verified the feasibility of your project and polished your concept.

For tomorrow's check-ins, you should have your views ready to show, and your app deployed to Heroku.

## 1507

### Little Shop of Orders Kickoff & Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

[Project Requirements](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/little_shop.markdown)

Classroom B.

And Tess will be available for questions.

### Cart and Order Lifecycles (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom B.

### Little Shop Work Time and Goal Setting Check-ins (2:30 - 4:00)

Tess and Mike are available for answers to your questions.


## 1508

### Echo: Business Intelligence (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A.

### Foxtrot: Enigma Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

While you are not getting evaluated, work on this [tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html).
You will need it.

#### With Mike

* 9:00 - Amber Crawford & Nicole Hall
* 9:30 - Jill Donohue & Emily Dowdle
* 10:00 - Sekhar Paladugu & Jhun de Andres

#### With Andrew

* 9:00 - Edgar Duran & Matthew Rooney
* 9:30 - Maro Major & John Slota
* 10:00 - Aaron Careaga & Penney Garrett

### Foxtrot: HeadCount Kickoff (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet Josh Cheek in Classroom A.

These will be your Headcount Groups:

* Amber Crawford & Emily Dowdle
* Marlo Major & Jill Donohue
* Jhun de Andres & Cole Hall
* Edgar Duran & John Slota
* Sekhar Paladugu & Penney Garrett
* Matthew Rooney & Aaron Careaga

### Echo: Work Time (1:00 - 2:00)

Zug zug.

### All: Headcount Knowledge Share (2:00 - 4:00)

Let's reconvene with Mike in Classroom A.

Assemble in these groups:

* Ryan Johnson & Marlo Major & Matthew Rooney
* Robert Lane & John Slota
* Matt Stjernholm & Amber Crawford
* Ross Edfort & Nicole Hall
* Tyler Komoroske & Aaron Careaga
* Chad Minnerath & Penney Garrett
* Charissa Lawrence & Sekhar Paladugu
* Shannon Paige & Jhun de Andres
* Patrick Wey & Jill Donohue
* Jason Pilz & Emily Dowdle
* Torie Joy-Warren & Edgar Duran

Answer these questions together.

* What did you wish you knew going into the project?
* What was surprisingly easy about the project?
* What was something unexpected that you learned about Headcount?
* What advice did you get from mentors that was counterproductive?
