---
title: 20150805
layout: outline
---

Today in 1884, the first cornerstone for the Statue of Liberty is laid.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

So, Ruby (and some other languages—apparently, there are other languages) have a data structure called Set.

A set is like an Array, but it holds unique objects.

If you had a set [1, 2, 3] and you tried to push in 3, you'd still have the same set.

Can you implement this with tests? What about shift and unshift? pop?


## 1502

### WebSocket Workshop (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning you'll be working through the [this tutorial](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/websockets_workshop.markdown).

You should have your application deployed and a link to your application and repository in [this Etherpad](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/web-sockets-1502) by noon.

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00 - 1:15: Tracy, Minnie, and Lori
* 1:20 - 1:35: Patrick
* 1:40 - 1:55: David
* 2:00 - 2:15: Michelle, Mihir, and Kyle
* 2:20 - 2:35: Fred
* 2:40 - 2:55: Tom, Kenny, and Tess
* 3:00 - 3:15: Eric, Andrew, and Kristina

## 1503

### Getting Started With Workers (9:00 - 10:30)

Guest instructor! Mary Cutrali will be showing you how to get started with workers in Classroom B.

### Project Work Time! (10:30 - 12:00)

Move forward.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on your projects.


## 1505

### Pushing Logic Down the Stack (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Mike in Classroom C.

### Little Shop Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work.

### Little Shop Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work.


## 1507

### All: OkCuGit (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Cheek in the Big Workspace where you'll work individually on a
code challenge: [OkCuGit](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/ok_cugit.markdown).

### All: Loopback: Refactoring Enigma (10:30 - 12:00)

Let's stay in the Big Workspace to practice a bit of pairing and refactoring.

Start by [cloning this Enigma project](https://github.com/mikedao/enigma-refactor.git). Remember some of the named refactorings
you've worked with: Move Method, Extract Class, etc. Then begin refactoring the
application by:

1. Finding hotspots
2. Determining the test coverage of the code (*hint: add an intentional bug, like
  `5/0`, and see which if any tests fail*)
3. Augment the tests with additional edge case tests if the coverage is not
sufficient.
4. Run the tests and make sure they pass. If any fail, fix those first.
5. Apply one or more of your named refactorings and, after each one, both
confirm that the tests still pass and commit the results to git.

You can find several resources about the named refactorings including:

* [Fowler's original catalog (in Java)](http://refactoring.com/catalog/)
* [A little more polished version of the same catalog](https://refactoring.guru/catalog)

Pairs:

* Chad Minnerath & Michael Wong
* Rose Kohn & Russell Harms
* Rebekah Sosa & Rachel Parri
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Regis Boudinot
* Justin Pease & Adam Jensen
* Bret Doucette & Ryan Asensio
* Chris Cenatiempo & Justin Holzmann
* Travis Haby & Nicole Hall
* Mimi Schatz & Matt Hecker
* Matt Ewell & George Hudson
* Jeff Ruane & Mary Beth Burch
* Alon Waisman & David Stinnette & Tyler Komoroske


### All: Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Then this afternoon you have a bit more work time as you push SalesEngine closer
to the finish line.
