---
title: 20150518
layout: outline
---

## All

Welcome, 1505! We're glad you're here. 

### Gear Up (9:00 - 10:00)

We'll start in the big workspace with the entire student body.

After an opening conversation, we'll use the [Coding Don't Cut It Anymore](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/coding_dont_cut_it_anymore.markdown) exercise.

### How Posses Work (2:30 - 3:00)

Everyone should meet in the Big Workspace to talk a little about how Posses should work and meet your new 1505 members.

### Technical Interview Prep (3:00 - 4:00)

1412, 1502, and 1503 should meet with Horace in the Big Workspace on some technical interview prep challenges.

## 1412

### Intermission Week Homework Review and Project Kickoff (10:00 - 11:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to talk about intermission week assignments and kick off the first project of your final module: [FeedEngine][fe].

[fe]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/feed_engine/feed_engine.html

### Project Work Time (11:30 - 12:00 and 1:00 - 2:30)

You'll be working in the following groups:

TBA

By the end of the session, you should have an idea to pitch Steve.

**Homework**: Do some further investigation on your approved idea. Look at the APIs. Will you be able to build your project with the APIs available? If not, you'll need to let Steve know in the morning if you need to pivot.

## 1502

### Understanding Multi-Tenancy (10:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom A, and expect the unexpected.

Time to turn your Dinner Dashes in "another direction." Meet [**The Pivot**](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/the_pivot.markdown) (aka "Oh my God, why?").

You will work in the following groups:

TBA

### Multi-Tenancy Continued (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet in Classroom B to continue your work from the morning.

## 1503

### Introduction to Sinatra (10:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C.

Get to know a little more about a web framework named after the second most famous person to come out of Hoboken, New Jersey. Find the slides [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/6kulbxu31w3bwml/intro_to_sinatra.key?dl=0).

### TaskManager Q&A and Review (10:30 - 11:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom C to talk about TaskManager. You need [this link](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/html_css_task_manager.markdown) when we talk about views and layouts in Sinatra.

### HTML/CSS Review (11:00 - 12:00)

Brush up on your HTML and CSS with Josh Mejia in Classroom C.

### HTML/CSS Practice and Homework (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Rachel briefly in Classroom C before tackling some HTML/CSS challenges.

### Homework

* Finish styling TaskManager `layout.erb`, `index.erb`, `show.erb`, `new.erb`, and `dashboard.erb`
* CSS Zen Garden
* Research: What is CRUD (in the programming sense of the word)? What CRUD functionality do we have in TaskManager already and what are we missing? What routes/views/methods would we need to add in order to have full CRUD functionality?

## 1505

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet the fine faculty of the Turing School of Software and Design.

### Gear Up (9:00 - 10:00)

We'll start in the big workspace with the entire student body.

### Building Turing (10:00 - 12:00)

Raissa and Daisha will put you to work improving the Turing classrooms & workspaces.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You met the staff. Now, it's time to get to know each other. Let's meet in Classroom B.

### How to Learn at Turing (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Steve and Mike in Classroom A to talk about how to get the most out of your time at Turing.

### Posse/Mentor Kickoff (2:30 - 3:00)

Let's get back together in the Big Workspace where Rachel is going to introduce you to Posses.

### Setup for Work (3:00 - 4:00)

Continue with Mike in Classroom A to work on the following:

* [Get your laptop setup to work](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html)
* Install [RubyMine](https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/)
* Install the [Slack desktop app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/slack/id803453959?mt=12)
* Your full and correct name on your GitHub account
* A twitter account if you don't have one
* A linkedIn account if you don't have one

Then finally [fill in this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Wq42xeg82ewXHye92TdCfDHRQrK-jmpIWIKi9kgInNk/viewform?usp=send_form).
