---
title: 20150421
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Warmup (8:30 - 9:00)

Work on the [Word Rotation](https://github.com/turingschool/thinking_in_algorithms/blob/master/challenges/word_rotation.markdown) with your posse.

## 1410

### Workers at Scale (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Horace in Classroom A to discuss [background workers at scale](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/workers_at_scale.markdown).

### Data Caching (10:30 - 12:00)

We'll continue our caching discussions from yesterday with a look at [data caching](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/caching_data.html) techniques. (Remain in Classroom A)

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon you'll have work time and two check-ins:

You'll meet with Sam for a preliminary technical check-in
to show him what you've built so far, and discuss your technical
strategy / hurdles. You'll meet with Jeff over a Hangout to discuss
the project direction and next steps.

Job Basket should meet with Sam at 1:00. Then you'll have a Hangout
with Jeff at 2:00.

TechHire will have a Hangout with Jeff at 1:30 then meet with Sam at 2:00.

Hangout links will be put in your chat rooms.

## 1412

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom B to learn about the asset pipeline and understand why "that thing is not rendering on Heroku"™.

### Handling Errors and Failures (10:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom B to learn how to create a staging environment, create custom error pages, and handle ActiveRecord errors in Rails.

### Project Check-ins and Worktime (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jorge at the conference table next to the instructors' den. For this check-in, we will review that you have your views, and that your app is deployed to Heroku.

* 1:00 - Miriam Moser
* 1:10 - Edward McCarthy
* 1:20 - Jeffrey Gu
* 1:30 - Paul Grever
* 1:40 - Markus Olsen
* 1:50 - Break
* 2:00 - Lori Culberson
* 2:10 - Tino Espinoza
* 2:20 - DJ Greenfield
* 3:30 - Kit Pearson
* 2:40 - Austin Wood
* 2:50 - Break
* 3:00 - Kyra Steenbock
* 3:10 - Dustin Gault
* 3:20 - Rich Shea
* 3:30 - Trey Tomlinson

## 1502

### Authentication (9:00 - 12:00)

Don't let creepers into your application. Learn how to authenticate your users with Rachel in Classroom C. You'll need [this repo](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/authentication) and you might want [these slides](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/k8jsy5i9wgwk52x/AADpCVwnRuZThsmTVfFU2i3na?dl=0).

### Worktime: Authentication (1:00 - 4:00)

Add users and authentication to your My Jams app:

* Add gem ‘bcrypt’ to Gemfile
* Create migration for User with password_digest column
* Add has_secure_password to User model
* Create routes, views, and controller for to allow user accounts to be created.
* Permit :password and :password_confirmation in strong params
* Add routes for login and logout
* Create a sessions controller with new, create, and destroy methods
* Create a view for sessions new that includes a field for username and password
* Try logging in and out!

## 1503 - Chiselers

### Open Work Time (9:00-4:00)

For most of the day you have work time. This is your biggest
chunk of time to push towards your deadline on Thursday.

### Check-Ins (1:00-2:30)

This afternoon you'll meet with Josh C or Horace for
a brief check in to see how you're doing and answer any questions.

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Ricky
* 1:20 - Rob
* 1:40 - Vanessa
* 2:00 - Eugene

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Lev
* 1:20 - Margarett
* 1:40 - Dave
* 2:00 - Michael

## 1503 - SalesEngineers

### EventManager Recap & Refactor (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace to go over EventManager and
answer any questions.

### Kickoff SalesEngine (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay with Josh in the Big Workspace to start into [SalesEngine](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html).
Your project is due at 9AM on Thursday, April 30th.

You'll build the project in the following teams:

* Dmitry Vizersky & Drew Reynolds
* Chelsea Worrel & Morgan Miller
* Sally MacNicholas & Justin Holmes
* Whitney Hiemstra & Brett Grigsby
* Max Tedford & Andrew Fink
* Josh Cass & Erik Butcher

The first things you should do are:

* Read the assignment
* Re-read the assignment and make notes/highlights
* Discuss each person's schedule constraints
* Make a plan for what hours/days you're going to work
* Discuss your personal learning goals and what you're looking to get better at
* Setup your repo on both machines

### Getting Started (1:00 - 2:30)

Start actually writing some code. How do you deal with these CSV
files? What do they contain? Get your hands dirty.

### Decomposing SalesEngine (2:30 - 4:00)

Now that you have a little feeling for the data and project,
meet with Horace in Classroom C to talk about an architecture.

