---
title: 20150721
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is,

1^2 + 2^2 + ... + 10^2 = 385

The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is,

(1 + 2 + ... + 10)^2 = 55^2 = 3025

Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 − 385 = 2640.

Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.

Five points for posting your working solution in #warmup-answers by 9:00am.

## 1502

### Functions in JavaScript (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet up with Steve in Classroom A to learn more than you ever there was to know about functions in Classroom A.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/functions_in_javascript.md)

We'll cover the following learning goals:

* How to define and call functions in JavaScript
* What `this` is in JavaScript and how to explicit set its value in your functions
* How to bind functions with explicit values for `this` and other arguments
* How to split an array of values among the arguments of a function
* How to use generator functions that can pause and resume execution as well as return multiple values

### ECMAScript 6 (10:30 - 12:00)

Yesterday, we talked about how to integrate Babel into your projects. Today, we'll talk a little bit more about what that means.

* [Slides](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/AwBWCAESEFoVLpRtDJo8Kk3piV5sbNkaKlAg9v2X5wje5AErTxU8hnZ5ILmhI-KWx48mqZPuAQnFUd-t7QX4SlH6BwMCUCAQEEIBTGfYPXd1HM1uffj9AhZhDBm7G1jlzf7vSyOtECr64o#ES6_for_Turing_Students)

We'll cover:

* Arrow functions
* `let` and `const`
* Default, rest, and spread operators

We'll refactor some of [the live coding of Lights Out from yesterday](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/lights-out).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work away at your projects.

## 1503

### Consuming APIs (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom B to talk about [consuming APIs](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/consuming_apis.markdown)

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue working on your APICurious projects. By the end of today you should
have your authentication complete and be pulling in the basic data required for
your first iteration.

Also, meet with Horace and Jorge for a very brief (10-minute) check-in.

__With Horace__

* (1:00 - 1:10) Jamie
* (1:10 - 1:20) Drew
* (1:20 - 1:30) Dave
* (1:30 - 1:40) Max
* (1:40 - 1:50) Drew
* (1:50 - 2:00) Justin
* (2:00 - 2:10) Josh
* (2:10 - 2:20) Erik
* (2:20 - 2:30) Vanessa
* (2:30 - 2:40) Ricky

__With Jorge__

* (1:00 - 1:10) chelsea
* (1:10 - 1:20) sally
* (1:20 - 1:30) rob
* (1:30 - 1:40) jack
* (1:40 - 1:50) lev
* (1:50 - 2:00) margarett
* (2:00 - 2:10) whitney
* (2:10 - 2:20) morgan
* (2:20 - 2:30) brett

## 1505

### Migrations, Databases, Relationship and Models (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to learn about the things.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/models_databases_relationships.markdown)

### Rails Basics Work Time (12:00 - 4:00)

Work away at Rails Basics.

[Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/models_databases_relationships_routes_controllers_oh_my.markdown)

## 1507

### All: Dynamics (9:00 - 9:30)

Let's start the day all together in the Workspace. Get together in the following
small groups:

* Bret Doucette & Travis Haby & Rose Kohn & Mary Beth Burch
* Alon Waisman & Chris Cenatiempo & Mimi Schatz & Tyler Komoroske
* Ryan Asensio & Michael Wong & Matt Ewell & Regis Boudinot & Rebekah Sosa
* Adam Jensen & Jeff Ruane & Nicole Hall & Matt Hecker
* Chad Minnerath & George Hudson & David Stinnette & Jerrod Paul Junker
* Rachel Parri & Justin Pease & Russell Harms & Justin Holzmann

### All: Character Count (9:30 - 11:00)

Continue in the Big Workspace with Mike on the character count exercise.
Here's the plan:

First, take five minutes to [read the Character Count challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/character_count.markdown)

Second, get together with a person near you spend 15 minutes brainstorming:

* What things/ideas/tools have you used before will be useful for this problem?
* What would a trivial input be like? Minimum work? Minimum work +1?
* How would you structure a test that, if it passes, you know you're done?
* What kind of edge cases might you run into?
* Is there anything ambiguous about the challenge itself?
* Can you write out a logical flow for the algorithm in English?

Third, work by yourself for forty minutes to implement it stopping at 10:30.

Fourth, spend 10 minutes comparing solutions with your previous pair. Did you
run into the same snags? Make the same progress?

Last, let's spend about 15 minutes looking at a few individual solutions.

### All: Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

With those processes and principles in mind, return to your project for an hour
until lunch.

### All: Testing Strategies (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom A with Mike.

### All: Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Finish strong with another work period.

### Echo: Enigma Client Meeting (3:45 - 4:00)

Wait, there's a problem. Echo group please meet with Jeff in Classroom A to talk
about your Enigma.
