---
title: 20151105
layout: outline
---

Every Guy Fawkes mask sold nets Time Warner a royalty payment.

## All

### Posse Clean-Up Duty (After Wrapup)

* Today: Berners-Lee Posse

Take 15 minutes after wrap-up to check the items on [this list](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/f5cfe4333402d043ef2e).

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).

### All (9:00 - 9:30)

Everyone meet in the Big Workspace!


## 1505

### Blogger Performance Dojo (9:30 - 12:00)

Join Horace in the Big Workspace.

You'll be working through this [tutorial](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/blogger_performance_workshop.markdown).

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Jai Misra & Alex Tideman
* Max Millington & Sebastian Abondano
* Samson Brock & Marla Brizel
* Dave Maurer & Adam Caron
* Dmitry Vizersky & David Shim
* Jamie Kawahara & Rick Bacci
* Lovisa Svallingson & Erik Butcher

### Project Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Mike is available for questions.

#### With Horace

- 1:00 - 1:20: Marla Brizel
- 1:20 - 1:40: Sebastian Abondano
- 1:40 - 2:00: David Shim
- 2:10 - 2:30: Max Millington
- 2:30 - 2:50: Alex Tideman
- 3:00 - 3:20: Lovisa Svallingson
- 3:20 - 3:40: Erik Butcher

#### With Tess

- 1:00 - 1:20: Jai Misra
- 1:20 - 1:40: Adam Caron
- 1:40 - 2:00: Rick Bacci
- 2:40 - 3:00: Dave Maurer
- 3:00 - 3:20: Dmitry Vizersky
- 3:20 - 3:40: Jamie Kawahara
- 3:40 - 4:00: Samson Brock

## 1507

### Project Evaluations (9:30 - 12:00)

#### With Jorge

* 9:30 - Travis Haby
* 9:45 - Alon Waisman
* 10:00 - Ryan Asensio
* 10:15 - Jerrod Paul Junker
* 10:30 - Regis Boudinot
* 10:45 - George Hudson
* 11:00 - Justin Holzmann
* 11:15 - Stanley Siudzinski
* 11:30 - Mimi Schatz
* 11:45 - Russell Harms

#### With Josh

* 9:30 - Rose Kohn
* 9:45 - Mary Beth Burch
* 10:00 - Matt Ewell
* 10:15 - Michael Wong
* 10:30 - Adam Jensen
* 10:45 - Bret Doucette
* 11:00 - Matt Hecker
* 11:15 - Chris Cenatiempo
* 11:30 - Jason Wright
* 11:45 - Jeff Ruane

### Self-Directed Projects Intro (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom B to soft-launch your self-directed project. You can check the requirements [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/self_directed_project.md).

Before this session, you can either:

1. Have three ideas following the project template contained in the project description.
2. Join a SchoolRunner project by writing your name [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cOphM8Wqt15RL06gbKcf7S88B6nAXc2VGkyN2zPlaxg/edit#heading=h.j51wpgcw56ru).

## 1508

### Git Workflow (9:30 - 11:30)

We'll be working with [this repo](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/revisiting-git-workflows-module-2.markdown)

Classroom B.

### Rails Mini-Project Kickoff (11:30 - 12:00)

This weekend, you'll work on a [Rails Mini-Project](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/rails-mini-project.markdown) with your pair listed below. If you don't want to work on IdeaBox or PointBox, you can pitch another idea to Rachel *before* 1pm today.

* Ross Edfort & Emily Dowdle
* Jill Donohue & Sekhar Paladugu
* Tyler Komoroske & John Slota
* Nicole Hall & Marlo Major
* Edgar Duran & Charissa Lawrence
* Shannon Paige & Aaron Careaga
* Matt Rooney & Pat Wey
* Jason Pilz & Matt Stjernholm
* Torie Warren & Ryan Johnson
* Amber Crawford & Robbie Lane
* Chad Minnerath & Jhun de Andres

### Rails Mini-Project Work Time & Mid-Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue working with your pair on your Rails Mini-Project.

With Andrew:

* 1:00 Charissa Lawrence
* 1:45 Edgar Duran
* 2:30 Marlo Major
* 3:15 Chad Minnerath

With Rachel:

* 1:00 Jill Donohue
* 1:45 Jhun de Andres
* 2:30 Nicole Hall
* 3:15 John Slota

## 1510

### Week 4 Diagnostic (9:30 - 12:00)

You'll be doing this while you are not being evaluated in Classroom A.

### Project Evaluations (9:30 - 12:00)

#### With Horace

* 9:30 - Leonard Myerson & Alexis Navarrete
* 9:55 - Brant Wellman & Beth Secor
* 10:20 - Joseph Perry & Steven Olson
* 10:45 - Penney Garrett
* 11:10 - Emily Blanchard & Steven Pentler

#### With Mike

* 9:30 - Aaron Greenspan & Beth Sebian
* 9:55 - Hector Huertas & Toni Rib
* 10:20 - Gregory Armstrong & Brenna Martenson
* 10:45 - James Crockett & Taylor Moore
* 11:10 - Admir Draganovic & Jordan Lawler
* 11:35 - Daniel Winter & Brennan Holtzclaw

### Peer Refactoring (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to swap projects around and do
some Peer Refactoring.

Pairings:

* Alexis Navarrete, Daniel Winter
* Steven Olson, Penney Garrett
* Emily Blanchard, Beth Sebian
* Aaron Greenspan, Steven Pentler
* Hector Huertas, Jordan Lawler
* Gregory Armstrong, Brenna Martenson
* James Crockett, Taylor Moore
* Admir Draganovic, Toni Rib
* Leonard Myerson, Brennan Holtzclaw
* Beth Secor, Joseph Perry, Brant Wellman

Person on the left is __A__, right is __B__

__Iteration 1 (1:00 - 1:45)__

__A__ Should spend 10 minutes reviewing and looking
at __B__'s code.

Then __A__ and __B__ should pair on a refactoring of
__B__'s code.

Attempt one of the following improvements:

* Find an important class that is untested
or under-tested, come up with some good test cases for it and
implement them. Focus especially on tests that can be phrased in terms of clear
inputs and outputs -- I input an array of 3 strings and get back a hash with
these keys, etc.
* Find a method longer than 6 lines and focus on extracting
smaller methods from it
* Find a piece of functionality that doesn't belong in the
class where it is located. Move it to another class (or create a new
class for it). (__Hint:__ For each method in the class try saying it
aloud: "Class Name, can you please do X" -- do these assignments make sense?)

__Iteration 2 (1:45 - 2:30)__

Swap roles and perform the same exercises on the
other person's code.

### Exercise: OkCuGit (2:30 - 4:00)

Stay in Classroom A to work on the [OkCuGit](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/ok_cugit.markdown)
challenge.
