---
title: 20150714
layout: outline
---

Today in 1789, citizens of Paris storm the Bastille.

## All

### Warmup (8:30 - 9:00)

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

Five points by posting your working, well-tested solution in `#warmup-answers` with your full posse name before 9:00. _Bonus_: Steve will give five more points for a solution in JavaScript and ten more points for a solution using [ES6 generators][gen] (don't copy and paste) by 1:00. (The message was not approved by Mike.)

[gen]: https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/05/es6-in-depth-generators/

## 1502

### Data Caching (9:00 - 10:30)

Today is Caching day with Horace in Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/caching_data.markdown)

### Fragment Caching (10:30 - 12:00)

More Caching with Horace. Classroom A.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work.


## 1503

### JavaScript in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve. Classroom B.

Today, we'll talk a little bit about [Steve's Golden Rules][golden] for JavaScript in your Rails application.

We'll cover the following learning goals:

* You'll learn why you probably shouldn't write your JavaScript in the views.
* You'll learn how to structure your JavaScript code in a Rails project.
* You'll learn how the Asset Pipeline loads JavaScript and how it prepares it for production.
* You'll learn exposing data from Rails in the DOM using `data` attributes.

We'll be using the following resources:

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/javascript_in_rails.markdown)
* [Book of Faces](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/book_of_faces), you met this project in Module 2, but let's take another look at it and implement live search.

[golden]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/javascript_in_rails.markdown#lecture

### Testing JavaScript (10:30 - 12:00)

[Now that you have some JavaScript in your Rails][yodawg], you should probably learn how to test it.

We'll cover the following learning goals:

* When to use JavaScript unit tests versus integration tests using Capybara.
* How to integrate a JavaScript testing framework in your Rails application.
* The basics of writing JavaScript unit tests in [Mocha][].
* Using Magic Lamp to pull in Rails views into your tests.
* Testing DOM interactions.

You'll be working in the following pairs/triplets:

* Rick Bacci & Jack Yeh
* Vanessa Gomez & Sally MacNicholas
* Justin Holmes & Dave Maurer
* Drew Reynolds & Lev Kravinsky
* Margarett Ly & Rob Cornell
* Chelsea Worrel & Max Tedford
* Josh Cass & Andrew Fink
* Jamie Kawahara & Whitney Hiemstra
* Brett Grigsby & Morgan Miller & Erik Butcher

We'll be working through [these exercises][testingjs] in our custom Rails application.

[yodawg]: http://cdn.meme.am/instances2/500x/732470.jpg
[Mocha]: http://mochajs.org
[testingjs]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/testing_javascript_exercises.md

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Check-Ins with Jorge

* (1:00 - 1:25) Chelsea Worrel, Morgan Miller, Sally MacNicholas
* (1:25 - 1:50) Brett Grigsby, Rick Bacci, David Maurer
* (1:50 - 2:15) Jack Yeh, Vanessa Gomez, Margarett Ly
* (2:15 - 2:40) - Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Whitney Heimstra
* (2:40 - 3:05) - Drew Reynolds, Erik Butcher, Rob Cornell, Josh Cass
* (3:05 - 3:30) - Max Tedford, Jamie Kawahara, Lev Kravinsky

Technical Check-Ins with Horace

* (1:25 - 1:50) Chelsea Worrel, Morgan Miller, Sally MacNicholas
* (1:50 - 2:15) Brett Grigsby, Rick Bacci, David Maurer
* (2:15 - 2:40) Jack Yeh, Vanessa Gomez, Margarett Ly
* (2:40 - 3:05) - Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Whitney Heimstra
* (3:05 - 3:30) - Drew Reynolds, Erik Butcher, Rob Cornell, Josh Cass
* (3:30 - 3:55) - Max Tedford, Jamie Kawahara, Lev Kravinsky

## 1505

### Using Rack::Test in a Sinatra App (9:00 - 11:00)

Put a test on it with Rachel in Classroom C.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rack_test_in_sinatra.markdown)

### View Templating (11:00 - 12:00)

Josh will teach you things about your views. Again, in Classroom C.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/view_templating.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work.


## 1507

### All: How Git Works (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn how Git works with Jeff in the Big Workspace.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_git.markdown)

### All: Using Source Control (10:30 - 12:00)

Now learn use Git to handle source control with Mike. Still in the Big Workspace.

### All: Pairing without Code (1:00 - 2:30)

Learn how to Pair Program. Without code. With Mike. In Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_pairing.markdown)

### Echo: Robodoku Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Mike will be on hand for questions.

### Foxtrot: Chisel KickOff (2:30 - 4:00)

Kick off your first project, Chisel, with Jeff. Classroom A.
