---
title: 20150826
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1952, Will Shortz was born.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Scientists have developed an allergy test that produces a single numeric score that summarizes information about all the allergies a person has.

The test checks for the following allergies and assigns them the corresponding value:

eggs (1)
peanuts (2)
shellfish (4)
strawberries (8)
tomatoes (16)
chocolate (32)
pollen (64)
cats (128)
If Jorge is allergic to peanuts and chocolate, he gets a score of 34.

You're job is to write a program that takes the number and translates it back the allergens that the patient is allergic to.

In this case, 34 would translate back into a report saying that Jorge was allergic to peanuts and chocolate.

Because you all love TDD, here are some cases that you can test against:

A score of two would mean that the patient is allergic to just peanuts.

A score of 3 would mean that the patient is allergic to eggs and peanuts.


## 1503

## Exercise -- FizzBuzz in JS (9:00 - 9:30)

Start the day off right by joining Horace in classroom C to write
some fizzbuzz. Classroom C.

## Full-Stack Integration Testing with Selenium (9:30 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom C to practice working with Selenium,
a browser driver for Capybara which let's us write integration
tests which actually exercise our JS code as well!

## Project Work Time and Check-Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

### With Horace

* 1:00 - Brett Grigsby
* 1:30 - Max Tedford
* 2:00 - Drew Reynolds
* 2:30 - Vanessa Gomez
* 3:00 - Margarett Ly
* 3:30 - Lev Kravinsky

### With Brittany

* 1:00 - Morgan Miller
* 1:30 - Justin Holmes
* 2:00 - Sally MacNicholas
* 2:30 - Josh Cass
* 3:00 - Whitney Hiemstra

## 1505

### Multi-Tenancy Authorization

Big Workspace with Jorge.


## 1507

### CRUD Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom B with Josh.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (9:30 - 12:00)

Still in Classroom B with Josh.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/model_testing_in_sinatra.markdown)

### Nokogiri (1:00 - 1:30)

You will find yourself again with Josh in Classroom B.

Enjoy this [challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/parsing_html.markdown).

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (1:30 - 4:00)

Classroom B for DAYS.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/feature_testing_in_sinatra_with_capybara.markdown)


## 1508

### All - Introducing Arrays (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A with Jeff.

### All - Introducing Hashes (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A. With Jeff again.

### Echo - How Testing Works (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Josh Cheek at the front of Classoom A.

### Echo - Sorting Suite Kickoff (2:30 - 3:00)

Stay at the front of Classroom A.

### Echo - Intro to TDD Tutorial (3:00 - 4:00)

Big Surprise, you are in the front of Classroom A.

### Foxtrot - SuperFizz Recap (1:00 - 1:30)

Join Jeff at the Mega Table.

### Mastermind Kickoff (1:30 - 2:00)

Kick off your first thing with Jeff, still at the Mega Table.

### Array and Hash Exercises (2:00 - 4:00)

Jeff will tag in Mike at the Mega Table as you learn how to do cool 
and interesting things with Arrays and Hashes. 

[Exercises Repository](git@github.com:turingschool/ruby-exercises.git)
