---
title: 20150713
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1969, Ken Jeong was born.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

A word snake is (unsurprisingly) a snake made up of a sequence of words.

For instance, take this sequence of words:

SHENANIGANS SALTY YOUNGSTER ROUND DOUBLET TERABYTE ESSENCE

Notice that the last letter in each word is the same as the first letter in the next word. In order to make this into a word snake, you simply snake it across the screen

```
SHENANIGANS
          A
          L
          T
          YOUNGSTER
                  O
                  U
                  N
            TELBUOD
            E
            R
            A
            B
            Y
            T
            ESSENCE
```

Your task today is to take an input word sequence and turn it into a word snake. Here are the rules for the snake:

* It has to start in the top left corner
* Each word has to turn 90 degrees left or right to the previous word
* The snake can't intersect itself

Other than that, you're free to decide how the snake should "snake around". If you want to make it easy for yourself and simply have it alternate between going right and going down, that's perfectly fine. If you want to make more elaborate shapes, that's fine too.

Ten points by posting your working solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name before 9:00.

### DSA (2:30 - 4:00)

DSA! DSA!


## 1502

### Arel and Advanced ActiveRecord (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace, as he teaches you things about AR you never knew in the Workspace.

### Optional: Testing JavaScript Revisited (1:00 - 2:30)

With Steve at the Classroom A conference table.

### Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Up those scales.


## 1503

## DOM Traversal, Manipulation, and Events with jQuery (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve in Classroom A to talk about DOM manipulation and traversal using jQuery. We'll also talk a little bit about events.

We will be covering the following learning goals:

* Use jQuery selectors to find content
* Understand that jQuery collections allow you to manipulate multiple elements with a single method
* Use jQuery's DOM traversal methods to move around the DOM
* Add CSS styles using jQuery
* Append new content to the DOM
* Add event listeners to elements currently in the DOM
* Understand that adding an event listener will not effect elements you add to the DOM in the future

We'll be referencing the following materials:

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/jquery_dom_traversal_and_manipulation.md)
* [The Presidents of the United States of America](http://output.jsbin.com/rejuya)
* [Link List](http://jsbin.com/basolo/)
* [Three Boxes](http://jsbin.com/hamelu/21/edit?html,css,js,output)
* [Buttons and Buttons](http://jsbin.com/ceyaxe)

## Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Skip those Suppers.


## 1505

### Project Review / Q&A (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Josh as you go over your project and he answers questions about them in Classroom C.

### Database Design and Modeling (9:30 - 11:00)

Stay with Josh in Classroom C as he goes over how to conceptually think about databases.

### Intro to Project Management (11:00 - 12:00)

Josh will tell you all of the things about Project Management in Classroom C.

### Intro to ActiveRecord with Sinatra (1:00 - 3:00)

It's like Sales Engine, but on the web. Join Rachel in Cozy Classroom C.

### Traffic Spy Kickoff (3:00 - 4:00)

Stay in Classroom C as Rachel kicks off your first web project, Traffic Spy.

Groups TBA

## 1507

### All: Object-Oriented Programming (9:00 - 11:00)

This morning we'll introduce the [fundamental concepts of Object-Oriented Programming](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/object_oriented_programming.markdown) in Classroom B.

### All: File I/O (11:00 - 12:00)

Then continue with [how to read and write files](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/file_io_and_csvs.markdown) still in B.

### Echo: MergeSort Demos and Review (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Mike to look over your MergeSorts in Classroom A.

### Echo: How to Sudoku & Sudoku Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Join Mike as he learns you a Sudoku in Classroom A. Follow [this project specification](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/robodoku.markdown).

### Foxtrot: Testing Primer (1:00 - 2:30)

Start [learning how to test](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_testing_works.markdown) with Jeff in Classroom B.

### Foxtrot: Intro to TDD Tutorial (2:30 - 4:00)

Work independently on [this Intro to TDD tutorial](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/testing/intro-to-tdd.html). Mike will be available to answer any questions you have.
