---
title: 20150824
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1824, British troops invade Washington DC, and set fire to the White House.

## All

Welcome 1508!

This morning we're going to work on our space in the following groups:

* Brett Grigsby, Drew Conly & Mitch Ashby & Max Millington, Aaron Careaga & Robbie Lane & Emily Dowdle + Jeff & Tess
* Max Tedford, Erik Butcher & Dave Maurer & David Shim, Shannon Paige & Tyler Komoroske & Ryan Johnson + Horace
* Sally MacNicholas, Rick Bacci & Jack Yeh & Mike Reeves, Torie Warren & Edgar Duran & Penney Garrett + Mike Dao & Marissa
* Vanessa Gomez, Michael Merrill & Sebastian Abondano & Lovisa Svallingson, Charissa Law & John Sneft & Jason Pilz + Daisha
* Morgan Miller, Dmitry Vizersky & Alex Tideman & Michael Dorrance, Marlo Major & Graham Ray & Sekhar Paladugu + Jorge
* Justin Holmes, Jai Misra & Adam Caron & Marla Brizel, Matt Stjernholm & Ross Edfort & John Slota + Andrew
* Drew Reynolds, Samson Brock & Tyler Graham & Jason Wright, Matt Rooney & Jill Donohue & Amber Crawford & Nicole Hall + DJ
* Josh Cass & Lev Kravinsky & Whitney Hiemstra & Margarett Ly, Rob Cornell, Pat Wey & Chad Minnerath & Jhun de Andres + Tim


## 1503

### Building Turing (9:00 - 12:00)

Let's meet up in the Big Workspace.

Your assignment is to be team leaders for the new 1508 folks as we all work on the space.

### Module Kickoff (1:00 - 1:30)

Join Horace in Classroom C to talk through the [structure
and expectations of Module 4](https://gist.github.com/worace/89fb2afc748efd87d49d).

### Array.prototype Methods (1:30 - 3:30)

Stay in Classroom B to discuss [Array Prototype Methods](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/tree/gh-pages/tutorials/01-array-prototype-methods) aka Javascript Enumerables.

### IdeaBox 2.0 Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

Yeah let's kick this pig.

## 1505

### Building Turing (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet in the workspace to put some sweat equity into Turing. That includes you, Dmitry.

You'll be joining a team with people from 1503 and 1508.

### The Pivot Kickoff (1:00 - 2:00)

Your Dinner Dash application was almost great, but it turns out that we need to pivot the business model.

In this project, you'll build upon an existing implementation of Dinner Dash. You will transform your restaurant ordering site into a platform that handles multiple, simultaneous businesses. Each business will have their own name, unique URL pattern, items, orders, and administrators.

You can find the complete project description [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/the_pivot.markdown#technical-expectations).

The teams are the following:

* Marla Brizel, Lovisa Svallingson, Dmitry Vizersky - Work on Marla's codebase
* Rick Bacci, Erik Butcher, Drew Conly - Work on Drew's codebase
* Jack Yeh, Adam Caron, Dave Maurer - Work on Adam's codebase
* Sebastian Abondano, Max Millington, Alex Tideman - Work on Sebastian's codebase
* Michael Dorrance, Rob Cornell, Mitch Ashby - Work on Michael's codebase
* Samson Brock, David Shim, Jason Wright - Work on Sam's codebase
* Tyler Graham, Jai Misra, Mike Reeves, Michael Merrill - Work on Jai's codebase

Meet with Jorge in Classroom B.

### Project Worktime (2:00 - 4:00)

Work with your teams in preparing your wireframes and your user stories. Your will review those with your client during the first checkin in Thursday.

## 1507

### Intro to Sinatra / Task Manager Q & A (9:00 - 10:00)

Start off your day with Josh M in Classroom C.

### Building Turing (10:00 - 12:00)

You'll then be in charge of tuning up Classroom C with Josh.

### Introduction to Bootstrap (1:00 - 4:00)

These boots were made for walking.

Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_bootstrap.markdown)

These are the [files](https://github.com/mikedao/intro-to-bootstrap) you will be
working with.


## 1508

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet in Classroom A for a few minutes to meet most of the staff.

Make sure you get a name tag and wear it all week.

### Building Turing (9:00 - 12:00)

Head over to the Big Workspace where you'll divide up into your work teams.

### Tour and Getting Started (11:30 - 12:00)

Presuming we get through our space construction projects, we'll
spend the last half hour of the morning taking a tour of the building and immediate neighborhood.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

Let's get to know you. Lunch is on us. In Classroom A.

### All: Success at Turing (1:00 - 2:00)

We'll stay in Classroom A to talk about what the most successful
Turing students do to accelerate their learning.

### Foxtrot

* Robert Lane
* Aaron Careaga
* Emily Dowdle
* Graham Ray
* Penney Garrett
* Jhun de Andres
* Nicole Hall
* Tyler Komoroske
* Chad Minnerath
* Jill Donohue

### Echo

* Ryan Johnson
* Patrick Wey
* Shannon Paige
* Ross Edfort
* Matt Stjernholm
* Torie Joy-Warren
* Matthew Rooney
* Sekhar Paladugu
* John Senft
* Charissa Lawrence
* Edgar Duran
* John Slota
* Jason Pilz
* Marlo Major

### Echo: Tooling Setup & Getting Started with Exercism (2:00 - 4:00)

The Echo group will stay at the front of Classroom A with Mike and Josh. Complete the following:

* [Get your laptop setup to work](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html)
* Install [Atom](http://atom.io)
* Install the [Slack desktop app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/slack/id803453959?mt=12)
* Your full and correct name on your GitHub account
* A Twitter account if you don't have one.
* A LinkedIn account if you don't have one.

Then [fill in this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1KSt9ZFppCPeCfhaakI6nEkJ12lO6vknhnw2RWUJvwD8/viewform) even though it says 1507 :)

Then we'll dive into the world of [Exercism](http://exercism.io).

### Foxtrot: Computer Setup and How Your System Works (2:00 - 3:00)

Join Jeff at the staff area "Mega Table" to work on the following:

* [Get your laptop setup to work](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/environment/environment.html)
* Install [Atom](http://atom.io)
* Install the [Slack desktop app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/slack/id803453959?mt=12)
* Your full and correct name on your GitHub account
* A Twitter account if you don't have one.
* A LinkedIn account if you don't have one.

Then finally [fill in this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1KSt9ZFppCPeCfhaakI6nEkJ12lO6vknhnw2RWUJvwD8/viewform) even though it says 1507 :)

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (3:00 - 4:00)

Stay with Jeff at the Mega Table to talk about [Strings & Integers](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/strings_and_integers.markdown).

### 1508 Homework

* Echo: Complete [this SuperFizz exercise for tomorrow](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/super_fizz.markdown)
* Foxtrot: Complete [these String/Integer exercises for tomorrow](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/working_with_strings_and_integers.markdown)
