---
title: 20150506
layout: outline
---

## 1410

### Assessment Review and Project Worktime (9:00 - 4:00)

With Jeff

* 9:45 Scott Crawford
* 10:30 Lydia Shafer
* 11:15 Konr Larson
* 1:00 Michael Dao

With Steve

* 9:00 Emily Berkeley
* 9:45 Chris Luhring
* 10:30 Laura Whalin
* 11:15 Jeffrey Wan
* 1:00 Orion Osborn
* 1:45 Alexandra Robinson

With Horace

* 9:00 Brandon Mrsny
* 9:45 Bryce Holcomb
* 10:30 Nathan Owsiany
* 11:15 Adam Smith
* 1:00 Krista A Nelson

## 1412

### Project Work Time and Assessments (9:00 - 4:00)

While you're not in assessments, you should be working on your final project. Remember that you should be working on polishing your project (fixing bugs, polishing UX, refactor and improving your test coverage). It is better to have less features that are well built than more functionality that is half-baked. Jorge will be available for questions in the afternoon.

With Jorge

* 9:00 DJ Greenfield
* 10:00 Miriam Moser
* 11:00 Markus Olsen

## 1502

### Intro to jQuery (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom B. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_jquery.markdown).

### Filtering and Sorting with jQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom B with Rachel.

### Dinner Dash Work Time and Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on extensions, refactor, etc.

With Rachel

* 1:00 Michelle
* 1:45 Tracy

With Josh C.

* 1:00 Jack
* 1:45 Tess

## 1503

### Frames, Call Stacks, and Exceptions (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh C. in Classroom A. Material is at: https://github.com/JoshCheek/lesson-exceptions

### Regular Expressions (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Sam in Classroom C.

### Peer Review (1:00-2:30)

First up this afternoon persons from SE1 will work with persons from SE2, focusing on fixing/refactoring/testing/improving
the SE2 person's Business Logic.

* Dmitry, Andrew & Ricky
* Sally, Morgan & Rob
* Josh, Brett & Michael
* Chelsea, Erik & Dave
* Whitney & Margarett
* Max & Eugene
* Drew & Lev
* Justin & Vanessa

### Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Things are due tomorrow. Good luck!
