---
title: 20151211
layout: outline
---

### Instructional Time (9:00 - 10:30)

#### 1507

TBD

#### 1508

##### Large Group: Mastermind in 90 Minutes

Join Andrew in the **Big Workspace**

You all are tired and have been working on similar Rails projects for over a month now. Let's switch things up. No databases, no frameworks, no project manager.

Work either on your own or in self-selected pairs to see how far you can get building [Mastermind](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/mastermind.markdown). Don't worry about writing a perfect implementation. Hack out your code and have fun. Some of you may choose to write tests, others may choose to test manually. Totally up to you.

If you finish, some of you will, try to refactor. Can you write it using recursion instead of `until` or `while` loops? Can you remove all `if` and `case` statements? An easy approach is to build a hash with valid inputs that point to corresponding classes. Another more advanced approach would be to use the [command pattern](https://dockyard.com/blog/2013/11/05/design-patterns-command-pattern). Notice that all classes define the same `execute` method. Hold off on attempting to use the command pattern until you have a working implementation of Mastermind first.

##### Small Group Session

Meet with Josh at one of the big tables in Classroom A to discuss how to build successful projects.

* Edgar
* Ryan
* Jill
* Jhun
* Sekhar
* David

#### 1510

TBD

#### 1511

##### All: Recitation (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Cheek in **Classroom A** to review the topics
we've covered this week.
