---
title: 20150623
layout: outline
---

Today in History: In 1868, Christopher Latham Sholes receives a patent for an invention he calls,
the "Type-Writer"

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Logic Puzzle Time](http://cl.ly/0c402c1Y1R0c)

Post your answers in #warmup-answers

### Q&A Lunch with Sherif Abushadi

Let's meet in the Big Workspace to eat lunch, and listen from our friend and 1503 idol, Sherif Abushadi.

### Resume Session with Ian Douglas (4:00 - 5:30)

Ian Douglas, who is a fantastic person, will be coming and talking about resumes.

## 1412

### JavaScript in Review (9:00 - 11:30)

Classroom A. Steve.

### Final Assessment (11:30 - Tears)

[Final Assessment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw)

## 1502

### Testing an API (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jorge in Classroom B to revisit testing an API.

For this session we will be creating an app that reads the [Sunlight Foundation](http://sunlightfoundation.com) API.

Before the class, please get an API key [here](http://sunlightfoundation.com/api/accounts/register/).

### Testing JavaScript in Rails (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Steve in Classroom B to learn how to test jQuery and Ajax. Bring your semicolons.

### Project Checkins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Check in with Jorge

* 1:00 - Andrew Carmer
* 1:20 - David Daniel
* 1:40 - Eric Dowty
* 2:00 - Kenny Chen
* 2:20 - Kristina Brown
* 2:40 - Michelle Golle
* 3:00 - Mihir Parikh
* 3:20 - Jack Yeh

Check in with Josh M.

* 1:00 - Minnie Lee
* 1:20 - Patrick Medaugh
* 1:40 - Tess Griffin
* 2:00 - Thomas Leskin
* 2:20 - Tracy Caruso
* 2:40 - Kyle Henson
* 3:00 - Fred Block
* 3:20 - Lori Culberson


## 1503

### Intro to jQuery (9:00 - 10:00)

It's pronounced juh-Kwery.  With Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_jquery.markdown). 

### Filtering with jQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C as Rachel teaches how to filter with jQuery.

### Module 2 Final Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

With Rachel

* 1:00 - Brett Grigsby
* 1:45 - Max Tedford
* 2:30 - Rick Bacci
* 3:15 - Sally MacNicholas

With Josh M.

* 11:00 - Justin Holmes

With Horace

* 3:00 - Andrew Fink

With Josh Cheek

* 3:00 - Morgan Miller

## 1505

### Binary, Octal, and Hex (9:00 - 10:45)

Join Jeff in the Big Workspace to learn about [other number systems](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/number_systems.markdown).

Make sure you have your pen and notebook.

#### Block 1

* Binary: Marla Brizel, Sebastian Abondano, Justin Pease, David Stinnette
* Binary: Rebekah Sosa, David Shim, Max Millington, Rachel Parri
* Octal: Alex Tideman, Lovisa Svallingson, Jai Misra, Justin Holzmann
* Octal: Adam Caron, Drew Conly, Mitch Ashby, Samson Brock
* Hex: Michael Dorrance, Mike Reeves, Jerrod Paul Junker, Jason Wright

#### Block 2

* Octal: Marla Brizel, Sebastian Abondano, Justin Pease, David Stinnette
* Hex: Rebekah Sosa, David Shim, Max Millington, Rachel Parri
* Binary: Alex Tideman, Lovisa Svallingson, Jai Misra, Justin Holzmann
* Hex: Adam Caron, Drew Conly, Mitch Ashby, Samson Brock
* Binary: Michael Dorrance, Mike Reeves, Jerrod Paul Junker, Jason Wright

#### Block 3

* Hex: Marla Brizel, Sebastian Abondano, Justin Pease, David Stinnette
* Octal: Rebekah Sosa, David Shim, Max Millington, Rachel Parri
* Hex: Alex Tideman, Lovisa Svallingson, Jai Misra, Justin Holzmann
* Binary: Adam Caron, Drew Conly, Mitch Ashby, Samson Brock
* Octal: Michael Dorrance, Mike Reeves, Jerrod Paul Junker, Jason Wright

### Pair Programming is Stupid (11:00 - 12:00)

Continue in the Big Workspace for a special exercise with Sherif on pairing.

### Sales Engine Work Time and Checkins / Pairing (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon we'd like to spend an hour working with each pair to review the code you've got and make sure you're on
a good path towards completion of the project. When you're not in a scheduled session then you have work time.

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Mitch Ashby & Drew Conly
* 2:00 - Jason Wright & Adam Caron
* 3:00 - Marla Brizel & Sebastian Abondano

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Samson Brock
* 2:00 - Michael Dorrance & Jerrod Paul Junker
* 3:00 - David Stinette & Max Millington

#### With Jeff

* 2:00 - David Shim & Lovisa Svallingson

#### With Josh Cheek

* 1:00 - Jai Misra & Justin Holzmann
* 2:00 - Mike Reeves & Alex Tideman
