---
title: 20150410
layout: outline
---

## All

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

* [1410](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1edZnYMGMXEFMxnketwFhObR9I3pUJuNblssOu-A7GWc/viewform)
* [1412](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1Z3aN72bsJZrI9oWUHgP8JoAak1mLmOjCbmeBFgsZL_E/viewform)
* [1502](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1xLxHXFJKNYql4w2sZPQ9MMLNO86YfSwjavplONb3m14/viewform)
* [1503](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1eG6XjL1apUzp1gJH-n1GsObzFZ91CRzwsKmHIq3YrXI/viewform)

### Group Retrospectives (9:00 - 10:00)

* 1410 in Classroom B with Steve and Horace.
* 1412 in Classroom A with Josh and Jorge.
* 1502 in the Classroom C with Rachel and Raissa.
* 1503 in the Big Workspace with Jeff and Daisha.

### Self-Study Sessions (9:30 - 10:40)

* Eric will be exploring the inner workings of Rake.
* Mike will be running two pairing sessions, 9:30 and 10:05. Shoot him a message on Slack.

### Posse Team-Activity (10:40 - 11:00)

Meet with Lori in the Big Workspace for a surprise. Lori will start her lightning talk around 10:55 and recap the activity. 

### One on Ones (9:30 - 11:00)

#### With Steve

* 9:30: Laura Whalin
* 9:45: Lydia Shafer
* 10:00: Michael Dao
* 10:15: Nathan Owsiany
* 10:30: Adam Smith
* 10:45: Scott Crawford

#### With Horace

* 9:30: Konr Josef Larson
* 9:45: Orion Osborn
* 10:00: Michael Merrill
* 10:15: Rob Cornell
* 10:30: Chelsea Worrel
* 10:45: Dmitry Vizersky

#### With Jorge

* 9:30: Charles Valentino Espinoza
* 9:45: DJ Greenfield
* 10:00: Trey Tomlinson
* 10:15: Austin Wood
* 10:30: Edward McCarthy
* 10:45: Lori Culberson

#### With Josh Mejia

* 9:30: Rich Shea
* 9:45: Minnie Lee
* 10:00: Kyle Henson
* 10:15: Michelle Golle
* 10:30: Mihir Parikh

#### With Rachel

* 9:30: Thomas Leskin
* 9:45: Kit Pearson
* 10:00: Patrick Medaugh
* 10:15: Tess Griffin
* 10:30: Tracy Caruso
* 10:45: Drew Reynolds

#### With Jeff

* 9:30: Josh Cass
* 9:45: Lev Kravinsky
* 10:00: Whitney Hiemstra
* 10:15: Rachel Parri
* 10:30: Erik Butcher
* 10:45: Margarett Ly

### Lightning Talks (11:00 - 12:00)

Lots of lightning talks today! Make sure to be in the big workspace before 11am so that we can get started right away. 

* Jeffrey Wan: Something about Postgres? 
* Chris Luhring: No API, No Problem: How to find the data you need from OSM and render it using Mapbox Studio.
* DJ Greenfield: Technology & Society: Trollin' Ain't Easy
* Nathan Owsiany: Flexible Data Storage: Polymorphism, and Serialization, and HStore, oh my!
* Michelle Golle: Contributions of James Golick to the Ruby community
* Emily Berkeley: Technology in Modern Poultry. 
* Konr Larson: Human Augmentation 
* Bhargavi Satpathy: What you don't know CAN hurt you! Rails Security - CSRF
* Jeffrey Gu: Prisoner's Dilemma and Strategy vs Strategy in Ruby
* Kenny Chen: Don't Break Down on the Way - Healthy Habits

### Guest: Laura Weidman Powers (1:00 - 2:00)

Laura Weidman Powers is the co-founder and CEO of [CODE2040][], a nonprofit that creates pathways to success in the innovation economy for Blacks and Latino/as. She brings to this work a background in entrepreneurship, nonprofit management, youth development, and technology. Laura has started two organizations in the education space, one nonprofit arts education organization in West Philadelphia that is currently celebrating its 10th year, and one for-profit tutoring company that gave rise to a book.

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/laurawp)

[CODE2040]: www.code2040.org

### Film Club (2:00 - 2:30)

Choose your own adventure:

* [Refactoring from Good to Great][ben] by Ben Orenstein in the Big Workspace with Steve.
* [Ruby Objects: A Walkabout][obj] by Terence Lee in Classroom B with Josh.
* [Enumerable for Fun and Profit][enum] by Michael Hartl in Classroom A with Rachel.

[ben]: http://confreaks.tv/videos/rubyconfau2013-refactoring-from-good-to-great-a-live-coding-odyssey
[obj]: http://confreaks.tv/videos/roa2015-ruby-objects-a-walkabout
[enum]: http://confreaks.tv/videos/rubyconf2014-enumerable-for-fun-profit

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

#### Learn Python the Hard Way with Josh

Interested in learning another language? Join Josh to work through Zed Shaw's _Learn Python the Hard Way_ in the Big Workspace.

#### Git for the Brave of Heart with Horace

Avoid gitastrophy with Horace in Classroom B.

#### Real Client Work

If you're interested in adding actual client work to your resume, join Rachel at that table by the staff area. We'll be planning out and starting an app for [Leaders In Training](http://leaders-in-training.org/), a non-profit organization whose mission it is to support high school students in their quest to become the first in their family to attend college. We'll build the app using Rails. We'll also need someone to work on the HTML & CSS. 

#### PHP with Jorge

Yes, you read it right. Let's understand all those jokes that cool Ruby kids tell by learning PHP, the language from hell. We'll work through the [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/php) PHP track. (Don't tell your mom.)

#### Side Hustles with Steve

Working on an awesome side project and need some accountability? Want to work on a side project, but need some inspiration? Interested in open source, but not sure where to start?

* We'll share some details about the status of our projects from last week
* We'll pair and write some code

Meet with Steve in the Big Workspace.

#### Team Draper

Meet with Mike Dao by the couches where the 3D printer used to be in Classroom A.
