---
title: 20150427
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Meeting Time (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet with you posses:

* Schedule pairing sessions with mentors
* Schedule student-to-student pairing/mentoring sessions
* Update mentors (and each other) with the projects you're currently working on

### Code Retreat (2:30 - 4:00)

Meet in the Big Workspace for this week's code retreat.

## 1410

### Advanced ActiveRecord and Performance Workshop (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace as well as your comrades from 1412 in __Classroom B__ to finish up our discussions from last week about [advanced query techniques](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/topics/performance/queries.html).

Then, we'll step into the [JSBlogger Dojo](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/blogger_performance_workshop.markdown) to practice applying all of the caching and optimization techniques we've learned over the last week.

### Project Worktime (1:00 - 2:30)

Work, work, work. 

## 1412

### Fundamental JSON (9:00 - 10:00)

As you will find out with Jorge in Classroom C, JSON is FUNdamental. 

### Revisiting ActiveRecord (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick with Jorge in Classroom C to pay a visit to your good friend, ActiveRecord. 

### Weekly Iteration (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Jorge in the workspace.

## 1502

### Dinner Dash Kickoff and Worktime (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in the big workspace to talk about your first big Rails project: [Dinner Dash](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/dinner_dash.html). 

* Andrew, Kenny, Mihir, Tom
* Dave, Kristina, Minnie, Tracy
* Eric, Kyle, Tess
* Jack, Michelle, Patrick

### Catch 'Em All! (1:00 - 2:30)

Learn how to catch pokemon and store them in your backpack. Join Rachel in Classroom B. You'll  want [this repo](https://github.com/rwarbelow/catch-em-all).

## 1503

### Ruby's Object Model, Part Two and a Half (9:00 - 12:00)

Get classy in Classroom A with Josh. 

### SE1 - Business Logic & Encapsulation (1:00 - 2:30)

If you've been working on SalesEngine for a week, then this week we're calling you "SE1". Join Horace in Classroom A
to refine your approach to Business Logic / Intelligence.

### SE2 - Introducing SalesEngine (1:00 - 2:30)

If you've just finished Chisel then this week you're known as the "SE2" group. Join Josh Cheek in Classroom C to [start
diving into the project](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/sales_engine.html).

Your pairs are:

* Ricky & Rob
* Michael & Dave
* Margarett & Eugene
* Lev & Vanessa

By the way, if you didn't pass [Chisel](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/chisel.html) then that still needs
to happen, too. As the price for the extra time you *also*
need to complete the Images extension in addition to cleaning up whatever your issues were. You must have everything
completed and evaluated by 3pm on Tuesday, 5/12.
