---
title: 20151208
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1980, John Lennon was killed.

## All

### Posse Clean-Up Duty (After Wrapup)

* Today: Ritchie Posse (Jeff, Michael, Amber, Tyler, Steven, Brennan, Scott)

Take 15 minutes after wrap-up to check the items on [this list](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/f5cfe4333402d043ef2e).

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1507

### Unit Testing JavaScript (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Meeka in Classroom B to discuss testing in JavaScript.

### A Test-Driven Approach to Game Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to talk about test-driving your Game Time applications.

### Project Check Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Lovisa

* 1:00: Ryan Asensio
* 1:30: Matt Hecker
* 2:00: Rick Bacci & Alon Waisman
* 2:30: Russell Harms & Mary Beth Burch

#### With Steve

* 1:00: Justin Holzmann & George Hudson
* 1:30: Michael Merrill & Matt Ewell
* 2:00: Zach Routhier & Regis Boudinot
* 2:30: Chris Cenatiempo & Tyler Graham

#### With Meeka

* 1:00: Robert Cornell
* 1:30: Rose Kohn & Jeff Ruane
* 2:00: Dave Maurer & Erik Butcher
* 2:30: Bret Doucette & Mimi Schatz
* 3:00: Jack Yeh & Travis Haby

## 1508

### Fundamental Rails Security (9:00 - 10:30)

The Big Workspace

* Download the [Postman App](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman/fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop?hl=en)
* Clone Store Engine: `git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/store_engine.git fundamental_security`

### Sending Email (10:30 - 12:00)

You too can have your own spam empire.

### Project Check Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh will find you to see what is in production. Be sure to set up at a screen large enough for the group to see.

* Matt Stjernholm & Nicole Hall & Michael Wong & Shannon Paige
* Justin Pease & Emily Dowdle & Jason Pilz & John Slota
* Ryan Johnson & Amber Crawford & Tyler Komoroske
* Jill Donohue & Ross Edfort & Jerrod Paul Junker
* Robbie Lane & Aaron Careaga & Jhun de Andres & Adam Jensen
* Pat Wey & Matt Rooney & Sekhar Paladugu
* Marlo Major & Torie Warren & David Stinnette & Edgar Duran

## 1510

### Using Rack::Test in a Sinatra App (9:00 - 11:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (11:00 - 12:00)

Spy the Traffic.

### One on Ones (11:00 - 12:00)

Schedule TBA.

### Traffic Spy Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA.


## 1511

### All: Dynamics (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Jeff in **Classroom A** to discuss some dynamic things.

### All: How Git Works (9:30 - 11:00)

Join Horace in **Classroom A** to talk about the conceptual
and technical underpinnings of Git.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/intro_to_git.markdown)

### All: Using Source Control (11:00 - 12:00)

Stick with Horace in **Classroom A** to talk about
actually using Git.

[Relevant](https://xkcd.com/1597/)

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/git_and_github_for_pairs.markdown)

### All: Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Make those projects sing.
