---
title: 20151019
layout: outline
---

Happy Birthday to Jon Favreau!

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1505

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B.

Submit your Blink solution [here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1505-blink).

Share your code in the following pairs from **9:00 - 9:15**:

* Adam Caron & Dmitry Vizersky
* Max Millington & Erik Butcher
* Marla Brizel & Michael Dorrance
* Rick Bacci & Mitch Ashby
* Dave Maurer & Samson Brock
* Jamie Kawahara & Sebastian Abondano
* Lovisa Svallingson & David Shim
* Jai Misra & Alex Tideman

### Object-Oriented JavaScript and HTML5 Canvas (9:30 - 11:30)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom B.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/03-object-oriented-javascript/03-canvas-and-object-oriented-javascript.md)

You'll be working in the following pairs/triplet:

* Lovisa Svallingson & Dave Maurer
* Marla Brizel & Jai Misra
* Mitch Ashby & Max Millington
* Sebastian Abondano & Dmitry Vizersky
* Adam Caron & Jamie Kawahara
* David Shim & Alex Tideman
* Michael Dorrance & Rick Bacci
* Samson Brock & Erik Butcher

### Game Time Kickoff (11:30 - 12:00)

More Steve; more Classroom B.

* [Project Specification][gametime]

[gametime]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/gametime_project.markdown

You'll be working in the following pairs (or solo, for you jetsetters):

* Lovisa Svallingson & Marla Brizel
* Max Millington & Dmitry Vizersky
* Rick Bacci & David Shim
* Alex Tideman & Adam Caron
* Erik Butcher & Samson Brock
* Jamie Kawahara & Dave Maurer
* Sebastian Abondano & Jai Misra
* Michael Dorrance
* Mitch Ashby

### Project Work Time / Recitation (1:00 - 2:30)

Tess is available for 45 minute pairing sessions. DM her for more details and to reserve a time.

**Recitation (1:00 - 2:00)**: DM Steve with specific topics and questions you'd like him to cover by 10am. Recitations are completely optional.

It's time for games. Game proposals are set in stone at 4pm today. This is your time to try out some different ideas and sketch out your plans. Final game selections are due to Steve at the end of the day.

All those things that say "with instructor approval" in the [project specification][gametime]? Today's the day to get instructor approval.

### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00)

Meet with Mike in the biggest of workspaces.

## 1507

### Traversing the DOM with jQuery (9:00 - 10:30)

### DOM Events with jQuery (10:30 - 12:00)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00)


## 1508

### Project Review / Q & A (9:00 - 9:30)

### Traffic Spy Kickoff (9:30 - 10:30)

### Introduction to Project Management (10:30 - 12:00)

### Database Design and Modeling (1:00 - 2:00)

### Intro to ActiveRecord with Sinatra (2:00 - 4:00)


## 1510

### Foxtrot: How Linked Lists Work (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in the front of Classroom A.

We'll start from the basics together. But if you'd like to read more before or after the session check out the following:

* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list)
* [Stanford](http://cslibrary.stanford.edu/103/LinkedListBasics.pdf)
* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBrz9HmjFOs)

### Echo: Sorting Suite Reviews & Recap (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace at the Mega Table to review your Sorting Suites.

### Foxtrot: How Testing Works (10:30 - 12:00)

Horace will join you in Classroom A to recap what you learned over the weekend and discuss [How Testing Works](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_testing_works.markdown).

### Echo: File I/O (10:30 - 12:00)

Jeff will join you at the Mega Table to talk about [File I/O](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/file_io_and_csvs.markdown).

### All: Spiraling Design & Test (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A.

We've talked about this idea of "spiraling" the design of a solution. You start
with the most trivial of test cases and work outwards. Sounds easy, right? It's
hard to do. Let's practice with a real problem.

1. Get together with the pair listed below
2. Read [the Credit Check challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/credit_check.markdown)
3. Use the strategies we discussed earlier this week to setup a plan of attack
especially focusing on test cases of slowly increasing difficulty
4. Then it's time to write code. Work next to each other and be each other's first-choice
helper when questions/problems pop up. But each of you should do your own programming
on your own computer.

Here are your random pairings:

* Hector Huertas Baeza & Lauren Thomson
* Penney Garrett & Brant Wellman
* Jordan Lawler & Taylor Moore
* Beth Sebian & Brennan Holtzclaw
* Lenny Myerson & Aaron Greenspan
* David Codina & James Crockett
* Greg Armstrong & Brenna Martenson
* Emily Blanchard & Beth Secor
* Dan Winter & Steven Olson
* Steve Pentler & Admir Draganovic
* Toni Rib & Joseph Perry
* Alexis Uriel Navarrete on fill-in/solo duty

### All: Project Kickoffs & Work Time

Foxtrot should meet in Classroom A where you'll start into [Jungle Beat](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/jungle_beat.markdown).

Echo should meet at the Mega Table where you'll start into [Night Writer](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/night_writer.markdown).
