---
title: 20150803
layout: outline
---

Today in 1492, Christopher Columbus sailed the ocean blue.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

### DSA

Big Workspace.


## 1502

### Binary Search Trees (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jeff and Steve in Classroom A. We'll start with a quick exploration
of how Binary Search Trees work, then dive into implementations in Ruby and JavaScript.

We'll work from [this Binary Search Tree  project description](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/binary_search_tree.markdown).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Work work.

## 1503

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 12:00)

UNDERSTAND THE THING.

### Self-Directed Projects Kick Off (1:00 - 2:30)

Your moment has arrived.


## 1505

### LittleShop Kickoff and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Woo! Classroom C.

[Project requirements](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/little_shop.markdown)

### Cart and Order Life Cycles (1:00 - 2:30)

If you're going to sell things you're going to need to know things about
carts and orders.

Here's a [Creating a Cart using TDD](https://vimeo.com/135210007) video that includes an intro on how to use [SimpleDelegator](http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.1.5/libdoc/delegate/rdoc/SimpleDelegator.html). Heads-up: It's kinda long.

### Little Shop Work Time and Goal Setting Check-Ins (2:30 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA.


## 1507

### All: Throwdown (9:00 - 11:00)

Start in the Workspace with Mike & DJ where you'll have 90 minutes to
[attempt this challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/doubly_linked_circular_list.markdown) then we'll go over some solutions together. Keep in mind that this challenge is
*quite hard*. Think about it like a job interview -- the point isn't to finish,
it's to do your best work.

### All: Dynamics (11:00 - 12:00)

Continue with Jeff in the Big Workspace for a Dynamics session. You can
[find the activity plan here]().

Then the rest of the day we'll be in split groups:

### Echo: 1:00 - UNKNOWABLE

Meet with Josh Cheek at the instructors table to discuss
Business Intelligence in SalesEngine

### Foxtrot: SalesEngine Kickoff & Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet Jeff in Classroom A to kickoff your [SalesEngine Project](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/sales_engine.markdown).

* Mary Beth Burch & Travis Haby
* Adam Jensen & Chad Minnerath
* Chris Cenatiempo & Regis Boudinot
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Michael Wong
* Nicole Hall & Justin Pease
* Rebekah Sosa & Rachel Parri
* Bret Doucette & Mimi Schatz
* Jeff Ruane & Tyler Komoroske
* David Stinnette & Rose Kohn
