---
title: 20150417
layout: outline
---

## All

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

* [1410](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1sq3BgFPRV-ULz0QPAutD6z3rSJEpfq_Qk-P9XZCTOBk/viewform)
* [1412]()
* [1502]()
* [1503]()

### Group Retrospectives (9:00 - 10:00)

* 1410 in the Big Workspace with Steve and  Daisha.
* 1412 in Classroom B with Jorge.
* 1502 in Classroom A with Rachel and Raissa.
* 1503 in Classroom C with Jeff.

### Self-Study Sessions (9:30 - 10:40)

* 

### One on Ones (9:30 - 11:00)

#### With Steve

* 9:30:
* 9:45:
* 10:00:
* 10:15:
* 10:30:
* 10:45:

#### With Horace

* 9:30:
* 9:45:
* 10:00:
* 10:15:
* 10:30:
* 10:45:

#### With Jorge

* 9:30:
* 9:45:
* 10:00:
* 10:15:
* 10:30:
* 10:45:

#### With Rachel

* 9:30:
* 9:45:
* 10:00:
* 10:15:
* 10:30:
* 10:45:

#### With Jeff

* 9:30:
* 9:45:
* 10:00:
* 10:15:
* 10:30:
* 10:45:

### Lightning Talks (11:00 - 12:00)

Gather in the Big Workspace at 11am sharp!

* Michael Dao: Finite State Machines
* Orion Osborn: Why you should write more methods that take blocks
* Rich Shea: Pair Programming: Is it worth it? 
* Paul Grever: Native vs Mobile Web Applications
* Edward McCarthy: Farming/Agriculture and Open Data
* Kristina Brown: Providing Great Service: The second most important skill you will learn. 
* Thomas Leskin: How to get free sh*t 
* David Daniel: What the Staffing Industry Taught Me About Getting a Job 
* Miriam Moser: Fun with Paper.js

### Film Club (1:00 - 1:25)

Choose your own adventure:

* 

### Guest: Rachel Cope from thoughtbot (1:30 - 2:30)

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/rachelcope)

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

#### Learn Python the Hard Way with Josh

Interested in learning another language? Join Josh to work through Zed Shaw's _Learn Python the Hard Way_ in the Big Workspace.

#### Git for the Brave of Heart with Horace

Avoid gitastrophy with Horace in Classroom B.

#### Real Client Work with Rachel

We'll continue building out the Leaders In Training app. Gather at the large table in the staff area.

#### PHP with Jorge

Yes, you read it right. Let's understand all those jokes that cool Ruby kids tell by learning PHP, the language from hell. We'll work through the [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/php) PHP track. (Don't tell your mom.)

#### Side Hustles with Steve

Working on an awesome side project and need some accountability? Want to work on a side project, but need some inspiration? Interested in open source, but not sure where to start?

* We'll share some details about the status of our projects from last week
* We'll pair and write some code

Meet with Steve in the Big Workspace.

#### Team Draper

Meet with Jeff & Mike Dao at the big table by the instructor desks.
