---
title: 20151030
layout: outline
---

Happy Birthday, Kevin Pollak!

## All

### Posse Clean-Up Duty (After Wrapup)

* Friday: Golick (Rick Bacci, Samson Brock, Regis Boudinot, Ryan Asensio, Ross Edfort, Robbie Lane, Beth Secor)

Take 15 minutes after wrap-up to check the items on [this list](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/f5cfe4333402d043ef2e).

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

* [1505 Survey]()
* [1507 Survey]()
* [1508 Survey]()
* [1510 Survey]()

### Instructional Time (9:00 - 10:30)

#### 1505

#### 1507

#### 1508

#### 1510

### Gear Up (10:30 - 11:00)

### Guest Speaker (11:00 - 12:00)

Today, you will be hearing from four of Turing's greatest alumni, Allie Larson, Andrew Watkins, Chandra Carney, Sara Simon, and Will Faurot.

### Group Retro (1:15 - 2:00)

### Lightning Talks (2:00 - 3:00)

* Lovisa Svallingson - Flux vs MVC outline
* Rick Bacci - Turing do's and dont's
* Jhun de Andres - Denver's innercity opportunities
* Pat Wey - Writing Templates In Haml
* Shannon Paige - Halloween Lightning Talk! Scary Internet Stories to Tell in the Dark
* John Slota - Why bitcoin was created
* David Stinnette - Combating PTSD with Tech
* Michael Wong - Brain Computer Interfaces (BCI)
* Adam Caron - Why Sass Kicks Ass
* Ross Edfort - Photogoraphy: Why Film is Actually Better than Digital

### Electives and Student Lead Sessions (3:00 - 4:00)

#### Recommended for Module 1

* Alon Waisman and Matt Hecker - Module 1 Ruby Recap. Let's go over the material you worked on this week with a critical eye and brush up on anything that's left you uncomfortable. This week - How do you feel about Enigma?

#### Recommended for Anyone

* George Hudson - Swift - Continues all module!
* Chris Cenatiempo - MATLAB
* Jason Wright - Storing images in the Cloud with CarrierWave and Cloudinary integration
* Regis Boudinot - Setting up a DO droplet for Rails Production (PG/Git/ENV vars/nginx/puma)
* Lovisa Svallingson - React.js 1.3 --> continuation of previous two session. This week will add new ideas and delete ideas. If you want to come but missed the first session, clone http://github.com/appleagrain/ideabox-react (relevant files app/views/site/index.html.erb, app/assets/javascripts/components/_dashboard.js.jsx), take a look at the code and DM me if you have any questions.
* Dan Winter - Book Club - Pragmatic Thinking and Learning: Refactor Your Wetware. We know [this is  your brain on drugs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub_a2t0ZfTs). What does your brain on Turing look like? Let's think about thinking and learn about learning!
