---
title: 150219
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Continue pushing forward on the [warm-up we introduced yesterday][wu]. We'll show off our implementations on Friday.

[wu]: http://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/2ug3hx/20150202_challenge_200_easy_floodfill/

## 1409

### Ember Data (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A. Let’s can that fake server and swap in some Rails.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/ember_data.markdown)

### Auditing and Improving Rails Performance (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Josh Mejia in the Big Workspace to talk about figuring out why your Rails application is slow.

### Game Time Evaluations and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve will be on hand for questions from 1:00 - 2:30.

* 2:30: Herbert Joseph & Alex Jensen
* 2:45: Timothy Mee & David Bayendor
* 3:00: Gregory Narajka & Victoria Harrod
* 3:15: Kate Lane & Sam Kuhlmann
* 3:30: Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder
* 3:45: Chase van Hekken & Zachary Routhier

## 1410

### Advanced ActiveRecord Querying (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom B.

### Auditing and Improving Rails Performance (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Josh Mejia in the Big Workspace to talk about figuring out why your Rails application is slow.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Jorge is on hand for questions about pivots and goats.

## 1412

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel is on hand for questions.

### Traffic Spy Q&A (1:00 - 2:00)

Join Josh in Classroom C.

### View Templating (2:00 - 3:00)

Keep hanging out with Josh in Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Josh Mejia is on hand for questions.

## 1502

### Enumerable Exercises (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Horace in Classroom C.

### Fibber with TDD (10:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Jeff in Classroom C to tell some fibs with TDD.

### Work Time: All Projects (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Cheek is on hand for all your questions.
