---
title: 20150709
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1981, Donkey Kong is released by Nintendo. This marks the first appearance of Mario.


## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Today, you will become a [RubyWarrior](https://www.bloc.io/ruby-warrior/)

Compete with your posse. Posse that gets the furthest gets an arbitrary
number of posse points.

## 1502

### First Taste: Scopes and Closures (9:00 - 9:45)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A. We'll pick up briefly where we left off yesterday testing our Idea Box applications to talk about scopes and closures in JavaScript. We'll be continuing with the `turingschool-examples/idea-bin` repository from yesterday on the `2015-07-08` branch.

You can find [the repository here][ibn].

Examples:

* [Data in the DOM](http://jsbin.com/lowafo/edit?js,console,output)
* [Data in Closures](http://jsbin.com/zobafu/2/edit?js,console,output)

[ibn]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/idea-bin

### First Taste: Object-Oriented JavaScript (9:45 - 10:30)

Prototypal inheritance certainly sounds scary, but it's not as bad as it sounds. We'll cover the following learning objectives:

* How to construct objects in JavaScript and create shared methods using object prototypes
* How to build a chaining API for your JavaScript objects

[You can follow along here][mdn].

[mdn]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/tree/gh-pages/tutorials/object-oriented-javascript

### The Scale Up Kickoff (10:30 - 11:00)

Steve and Horace will play America's most popular game show with you,
kicking off a new project in Classroom A.

* [The Scale Up](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/the_scale_up.markdown)

### Performance Analysis with New Relic (11:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom A with Horace as he teaches you how to do that tasty
performance analysis using New Relic.

### Ideabox 2.0 Peer Evaluations (1:00 - 2:00)

This afternoon, you'll meet with your colleagues to review each other's approaches to Ideabox 2.0. Use the [following rubric][rubric] to evaluate your partners projects. We will be doing a recap and refactor session with Steve next week.

1. Submit your project [here](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/ideabox-submissions).
2. Use [this rubric][rubric] to evaluate each other's projects
  * What did you really like about your partner's Idea Box?
  * What advice would you give your partner about their approach?
3. Add your feedback and scores to the document in Step One.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Kyle Henson & Minnie Lee
* Andrew Carmer & Eric Dowty
* Lori Culberson & Fred Block
* Thomas Leskin & Mihir Parikh
* Patrick Medaugh & Kristina Brown
* Tess Griffin & Michelle Golle
* Tracy Caruso & David Daniel & Kenny Chen

[rubric]: https://github.com/JumpstartLab/curriculum/blob/4fdd6da8e2e431beeb77012e271de1eee90d5e07/source/projects/revenge_of_idea_box.markdown#rubric

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Work.


## 1503

### Sending Email (9:00 - 10:30)

It'd be kind of useful to send emails from your apps, right?

Join Horace in the Big Workspace.

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work.

### Check-Ins and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Check In with Jorge

* 1:00 -  Chelsea Worrel, Morgan Miller, Sally MacNicholas
* 1:25 - Brett Grigsby, Rick Bacci, David Maurer
* 1:50 - Jack Yeh, Vanessa Gomez, Margarett Ly
* 2:15 - Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Whitney Heimstra
* 2:40 - Drew Reynolds, Erik Butcher, Rob Cornell, Josh Cass
* 3:05 - Max Tedford, Jamie Kawahara, Lev Kravinsky

Code Check In with Horace

* 1:25 -  Chelsea Worrel, Morgan Miller, Sally MacNicholas
* 1:50 - Brett Grigsby, Rick Bacci, David Maurer
* 2:15 - Jack Yeh, Vanessa Gomez, Margarett Ly
* 2:40 - Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Whitney Heimstra
* 3:05 - Drew Reynolds, Erik Butcher, Rob Cornell, Josh Cass
* 3:30 - Max Tedford, Jamie Kawahara, Lev Kravinsky

## 1505

### SQL (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Josh in Classroom C to learn all about SQL.

### Intro to Sequel (10:00 - 12:00)

SQL, Sequel, Potato, Po-TAH-to. Stay in classroom C with Josh.

### TaskManager Transformation with Sequel (1:00 - 4:00)

Take your Task Manager to the next level with Sequel. Guess where?
You already know where.


## 1507

### Team Echo: Getting Started with Enumerables (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff to [learn about enumerables](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown) in Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/enumerable_methods.markdown)

### Team Echo: Enumerables Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

Work on [the enumerables exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/enums-exercises), Mike will be on hand if you need any
assistance.

### Team Foxtrot: Primer on .each (9:00 - 10:30)

You'll be learning about the intricacies of .each with Mike at the conference table in 
Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/primer_on_each.markdown)

### Team Foxtrot: .each Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

Work on your exercises, Mike will be on hand if you need any assistance.

### Team Foxtrot: Getting Started with Enumerables (1:00 - 2:30)

Learn about Enumerables. Classroom B.

### Team Foxtrot: Week 1 Diagnostic (2:30 - 3:30)

Let's check to see how you're doing. Classroom B.

### Team Foxtrot: Week 1 Diagnostic Review (3:30 - 4:00)

Self explanatory. Classroom B.

### Team Echo: Week 1 Diagnostic (1:00 - 1:45)

Let's check to see how you're doing. Classroom A.

### Team Echo: Week 1 Diagnostic Review (1:45 - 2:00)

Review your diagnostic. Classroom A


### Team Echo: Spiraling Design and "Tests" (2:00 - 3:45)

Let's start together in Classroom A. For this afternoon session, work on [the Credit Check challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/credit_check.markdown). 

You should:

* let this be the last exercise where you don't write automated tests
* basically pretend you're writing automated tests, but just use manual test inputs / expected outputs
* do approach it using the spiral/iteration method we've been using all week
* build up from the most trivial sample inputs to the more complex
* work on your own to implement a solution
* talk to each other to review/compare solutions
