---
title: 20150226
layout: outline
---

## All

### Demo Night (5:30 - 7:00)

1409 will be showing off Game Time and 1410 will be presenting their pivots.

## 1409

### Advanced Pairing (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Alex in Classroom B to talk about pairing.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve is on hand for questions and answers.

## 1410

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

* 9:00: Orion Osborn, Jeffrey Wan, Michael Dao, Emily Berkeley, Adam Smith
* 9:45: Laura Whalin, Brandon Mrsny, Rich Shea, Alexandra Robinson, Konr Josef Larson
* 10:30: Krista A Nelson, Nathan Owsiany, Bhargavi Satpathy, Scott Crawford
* 11:15: Kit Pearson, Bryce Holcomb, Lydia Shafer, Chris Luhring

### Self-Directed Project Kick-off (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom C to kick off your self directed projects.

### Personas for UX (2:00 - 3:00)

Stick around with Jorge in Classroom C to help Jorge deal with his multiple personas.

### Wireframing for UX (3:00 - 4:00)

## 1412

### Model Testing in Rails, Custom and Built-In Validations (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C to test some models and validate all the things.

### Project Recap (1:00 - 1:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom B to wax nostalgia on your previous project.

### ContactManager Kickoff (1:30 - 4:00)

Stick around in Classroom B as Josh Mejia drops by to kick off [ContactManager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/contact_manager.html).

## 1502

### Games: Small Group Check-ins (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Jeff, Rachel, and Horace in Classroom A.

### Encapsulation and Separation of Responsibilities (10:30 - 12:00)

Encapsulate your in Classroom A with Jeff to separate some responsibilities.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh Cheek is on hand for questions.