---
title: 20150601
layout: outline
---

Today in History: It's Morgan Freeman's birthday AND Amy Schumer's birthday.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Write a program that:

* Generates the first 100 numbers in the [Fibonacci sequence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci_number)
* Prints them out one-by-one as it generates them
* Outputs whether they are or are not prime numbers

For example:


1. 0

2. 1

3. 1

4. 2 (prime)

5. 3 (prime)

6. 5 (prime)

7. 8

8. 13 (prime)


Post your solution in #warmup-answers by 9:00 AM with your full posse name.
The most interesting/creative/obfuscated solutions will receive an arbitrary number of points.


### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00)

Today you have 90 minutes, Jorge facilitating, and no 1505ers participating. We'll break our efforts into three sessions:

#### Part 1: Solo (2:30 - 3:00)

* [Find the challenge here](https://github.com/turingschool/technical_puzzles/blob/master/fundamental_logic_gates.markdown)
* Build the AND functionality on your own (with tests, of course)

#### Part 2: Peering (3:05 - 3:45)

In the second block get together with the pair below and do each of the following:

* Compare your solutions for Part 1 and share any interesting ideas or approaches you came to (~10 minutes)
* Pair program a solution to the OR challenges

Pairings:

* Josh Cass & Fred Block
* Kenny Chen & Andrew Carmer
* Lori Culberson & Miriam Moser
* Jack Yeh & Michael Merrill
* Tess Griffin & Paul Grever
* Eric Dowty & Max Tedford
* Lev Kravinsky & Austin Wood
* Drew Reynolds & Trey Tomlinson
* Rich Shea & Dave Maurer
* Margarett Ly & Michelle Golle
* Edward McCarthy & Dustin Gault
* Vanessa Gomez & Chelsea Worrel
* Rob Cornell & Justin Holmes
* Kit Pearson & Dmitry Vizersky
* Erik Butcher & David Daniel
* Rick Bacci & DJ Greenfield
* Morgan Miller & Kyle Henson
* Sally MacNicholas & Minnie Lee
* Jeffrey Gu & Mihir Parikh
* Brett Grigsby & Kristina Brown
* Whitney Hiemstra & Patrick Medaugh
* Markus Olsen & Tyler Graham
* Tracy Caruso & Kyra Steenbock
* Charles Valentino Espinoza & Andrew Fink
* WOWOWOWOWO WILD CARD: Thomas Leskin

#### Part 3: Sharing (3:50 - 4:00)

Last we'll gather back in the workspace and share one pairs' solution to both parts.

### Recitation - Object Model Homework and Command and Query Homework (4:25 - 5:30ish)

Classroom A.
https://gist.github.com/JoshCheek/f2f4fed0c184ad9dbe98/


## 1412

### Josh Cheek Strikes Back (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh Cheek and revisit the Ruby Object Model through the lens of experience. Classroom A.

### Game Time Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Kick off your next project, [Game Time](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/gametime_project.markdown) with Horace. Big Workspace.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Kit Pearson & Paul Grever
* Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* Markus Olsen & Kyra Steenbock
* Miriam Moser & DJ Greenfield
* Rich Shea & Trey Tomlinson
* Charles Valentino Espinoza & Dustin Gault & Jeffrey Gu

## 1502

### JSON Fundamentals (9:00 - 10:00)

JSON is pretty much here to stay. Join Sam to learn all about it. Classroom B.

### Building an API (10:00 - 12:00)

In this lesson you will learn:

* How serve HTML, JSON and XML from a single controller.
* How to use respond_to and respond_with to refactor your controller.
* How to implement a versioned controller that separates your human interface from the machine interface.

Before the session, please clone this repo:

```
git clone -b building_api https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom.git building_api
```

Materials for this lesson:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/af4gkrwov55fl1e/Turing%20-%20Building%20an%20API%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Weekly Iteration: Getting Started with OAuth (1:00 - 2:30)

In this lesson you will learn:

* What is OAuth.
* How to use a third-party service to authenticate into your app.
* How to implement Omniauth.

Before the session, pleas clone this repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/secretic.git getting_started_with_oauth
```

Also, go to Github and register a new application. You can do that [here](https://github.com/settings/developers). Make sure to have the `Client ID` and the `Client Secret` handy.

Materials for this lesson:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/4nytlnvraszd761/Turing%20-%20Getting%20Started%20with%20OAuth%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* [Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/s/byn8y2rqkp9nhy8/Turing%20-%20Getting%20Started%20with%20OAuth.key?dl=0)

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

## 1503

### Traffic Spy Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Sally MacNicholas, Andrew Fink, Tyler Graham
* 9:45 - Brett Grigsby, Drew Reynolds, Dave Maurer
* 10:30 - Morgan Miller, Justin Holmes, Vanessa Gomez
* 11:15 - Erik Butcher, Lev Kravinsky, Whitney Hiemstra

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Michael Merrill, Josh Cass, Jamie Kawahara
* 9:45 - Rick Bacci, Margarett Ly, Chelsea Worrel
* 10:30 - Dmitry Vizersky, Max Tedford, Rob Cornell

### REST, Controllers, and Routing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Rachel to learn about stuff and things. Bonus points if you bring a baby pig to class. Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rest_routing_and_controllers_in_rails.markdown). 


## 1505

### Credit Check Peer Review (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet in the following pairs to discuss your Credit Check assignments:

* Jerrod Paul Junker & Marla Brizel
* David Stinnette & Samson Brock
* David Shim & Sebastian Abondano
* Adam Caron & Rachel Parri
* Michael Dorrance & Lovisa Svallingson
* Rebekah Sosa & Jason Wright
* Jai Misra & Mitch Ashby
* Drew Conly & Max Millington
* Justin Holzmann & Mike Reeves
* Justin Pease & Alex Tideman

__60 minutes: Code Review__

Spend the first 30 minutes reviewing one partner's code, then switch and
review the other partner's code for 30 minutes.

Here are some things we'd especially like to look for:

* Does the solution work?
* Is there evidence of iterative development toward a solution?
* Are there tests included?
* Do the tests exercise multiple layers of complexity and functionality?
(simple to harder cases; covering all the methods or components of the
problem, etc.)
* If the solution uses an object-oriented approach, is it divided into
granular methods and classes with clear responsibility?
* Are the objects and methods well-named? Do they actually do the things
described by their names?

### Credit Check Small-Group Review (10:00 - 11:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace. If you're feeling good about your solution, sit with Mike. Less so, sit with Jeff.

### Starting Mythical Creatures (11:30 - 12:00)

Stay in the Big Workspace.

### Mythical Creatures Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Myth those creatures. Creature those myths. Or something. Stay in Classroom A.

### Mythical Creatures Q and A (2:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A.
