---
title: 20150316
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Time (8:30 - 8:50)

Meet up with your posses. Can you find time to pair with each other? Any advice to share on projects and assessments?

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

Same bat time; same bat locations.

If you're in the webserver class, be sure to show up in the big room!
We're going to finish the server today and get it hosting a Sinatra application!
All the material is at https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/66b7e98ac20d850a8530f36996a836c8a5654483/electives/building-a-webserver/Day3.md
And if you're interested in learning more about blocks, be sure to check out the block challenges I made for you over at
http://104.131.24.233/blocks/new-kids-on-the-block (they could use an eye for editing... if that's you, then submit pull requests to https://github.com/JoshCheek/block_challenges)

## 1409

### Advanced Queries and Relationships with Arel and ActiveRecord (9:00 - 12:00)

Join some tables; make some queries. You're in the big leagues now with Horace in Classroom B.

We'll be working through this lesson on advanced active record queries: [https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/advanced_active_record_queries.markdown](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/advanced_active_record_queries.markdown).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Only a few days left. Let's ship some code.

(Horace and Steve are doing assessments.)

## 1410

### Testing an Internal API (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn how to test your own APIs with Jorge in Classroom C.

### Testing an External API (10:30 - 12:00)

Learn how to test a service object that consumes an API, and dust your VCR rewinders, in Classroom C.

## 1412

### JavaScript, Part I (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Steve in Classroom A to talk about the world's most popular programming language.

### Dinner Dash Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Dash some dinners. Rachel is on hand for questions.

### Dinner Dash Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Rachel is on hand for questions and possibly some answers.

## 1502

### Ruby in Ruby (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in the Workspace this morning to explore implementing [basic Ruby
methods in Ruby](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/ruby_in_ruby.markdown).

#### Pairing Set 1

* Minnie Lee & Tony DiNitto
* Chelsea Worrel & Rob Cornell
* Kyle Henson & Kristina Brown
* Kenny Chen & Tracy Caruso
* Tyler Graham & Andrew Carmer
* Mihir Parikh & Patrick Medaugh
* Eric Dowty & Jack Yeh
* Michelle Golle & David Daniel
* Thomas Leskin & Dmitry Vizersky
* Jamie Kawahara & Tess Griffin
* Eugene Khanutin & Michael Merrill

#### Pairing Set 2

* Mihir Parikh & Patrick Medaugh
* Chelsea Worrel & Kristina Brown
* Tony DiNitto & Michelle Golle
* Thomas Leskin & Eugene Khanutin
* Dmitry Vizersky & Kenny Chen
* Rob Cornell & Tess Griffin
* Andrew Carmer & Tracy Caruso
* Eric Dowty & David Daniel
* Michael Merrill & Kyle Henson
* Tyler Graham & Jamie Kawahara
* Jack Yeh & Minnie Lee

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 2:30)

From 10:30 until electives, you have time to work on your projects when you're
not doing assessments (as listed below).

### Assessments (1:00 - 2:30)

* Check out [Scrabble Assessment & Rubric](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/academy/assessments/scrabble.html)
* When you start your assessment you should already have implemented the *score* functionality

#### With Jeff

* 1:00 - 1:30: Eugene Khanutin
* 1:30 - 2:00: Jamie Kawahara
* 2:00 - 2:30: David Daniel

#### With Josh Cheek

* 1:00 - 1:30: Dmitry Vizersky
* 1:30 - 2:00: Mihir Parikh
* 2:00 - 2:30: Tess Griffin

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - 1:30: Rob Cornell
* 1:30 - 2:00: Michelle Golle
* 2:00 - 2:30: Kyle Henson

#### With Steve

* 1:00 - 1:30: Kristina Brown
* 1:30 - 2:00: Eric Dowty
* 2:00 - 2:30: Minnie Lee
