---
title: 20150522
layout: outline
---

## All

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

Grab breakfast and complete your survey by 9am. 

* [1412](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1iwJ1_FJl_26wZ8xAecwUoFajqYm1uKsdSG3hJmbL4dY/viewform)
* [1502](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1mAv1J5Fg8cpwkwkIX644bka7t64tKjiNQkQ6hl0Q5sg/viewform)
* [1503](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1zYV3P7AHSGa3WnEMZLFiuYzFBtyF9956vNsP-RdLR1U/viewform)
* [1505](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1NBSGPsmdl4Ky8raIwVUh9gpNospnTdk3kU-4M14-JDY/viewform)

### Lightning Talks (9:00 - 10:00)

Gather in the Big Workspace at 9am sharp!

* Miriam Moser - Code like it's 1999
* Kyra Steenbock - Animation with Snap.js!
* Trey Tomlinson - China's Great Firewall
* Jamie Kawahara - Imposter Syndrome
* Andrew Carmer - Stuff, Things & the Internet of Things
* Brett Grigsby - The Illusion of Free Will
* Rick Bacci - Ruby Warrior (Debugging and Refactoring)
* Sally MacNicholas - Learning how to Learn!
* Max Tedford - Wine 101

### Student-Led & Self-Study Sessions (10:00 - 12:00)

* Join Trey in Classroom A to learn about your $SHELL and feel at $HOME in your terminal.
* Join Eric Dowty in Classroom B to learn Responsive Bootstrap in Sinatra.
* Join Kyra and Miriam in Classroom C and learn how to whiteboard. Whiteboard, not waterboard.

### One-on-Ones (10:00 - 12:00)

#### With Mike
* 10:00: Rebekah Sosa
* 10:20: Rachel Parri
* 10:40: Mike Dorrance
* 11:00: Sebastian Abondano
* 11:20: Alex Tideman
* 11:40: Mike Reeves

#### With Steve

* 10:00: Jeffrey Gu
* 10:20: Miriam Moser
* 10:40: Samson Brock
* 11:00: Paul Grever
* 11:20: Kyra Steenbock
* 11:40: Dustin Gault

#### With Jorge

* 10:00: Kristina Brown
* 10:20: Jai Misra
* 10:40: David Daniel 
* 11:00: Rick Bacci
* 11:20: Kenny Chen

#### With Rachel

* 10:00: Minnie Lee
* 10:20: Justin Holmes
* 10:40: Max Tedford
* 11:00: Sally MacNicholas
* 11:20: Morgan Miller
* 11:40: Brett Grigsby

#### With Horace

* 10:00: David Stinette
* 10:20: Justin Holzman
* 10:40: Jerrod Junker
* 11:00: Kyle Henson
* 11:20: Markus Olsen

#### With Jeff

* 10:00: Tracy Contreras
* 10:20: Drew Conly
* 10:40: Lovisa Svallingson
* 11:00: Max Millington
* 11:20: Marla Brizel
* 11:40: Justin Pease

#### With Daisha

* 10:00: Mihir Parikh
* 10:20: Adam Caron
* 10:40: Jason Wright
* 11:00: Andrew Fink
* 11:20: Mitch Ashby

#### With Raissa

* 10:00: David Shim
* 10:20: Nicole Hall
* 10:40: Andrew Carmer
* 11:00: Robert Cornell
* 11:20: Vanessa Gomez

### Group Retrospectives (1:00 - 2:00)

* 1412 in Classroom A with Daisha and Horace.
* 1502 in Classroom C with Jorge and Sam.
* 1503 in Classroom B with Rachel and Josh.
* 1505 in Big Workspace with Jeff and Mike

### Electives (2:00 - 4:00)

#### TO BE ANNOUNCED

#### GitCoins and Ruby Concurrency for Fun and Profit

Join Horace in Classroom B to talk about the Dungeon's favorite crypto-currency,
the __GitCoin__ ([site](http://git-coin.turingapps.io/gitcoins) / [repo](https://github.com/worace/git-coin)).
We'll learn:

* What is a GitCoin?
* How can I acquire GitCoins?
* How can I use multiple threads to acquire lots of GitCoins?
* How can I exchange my GitCoins for Posse Cup Points?

You will want to use JRuby for this exercise, so if you have not already, make
sure you have [Java](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html) and [JRuby](https://rvm.io/interpreters/jruby) installed. This session will require some knowledge of
making HTTP requests so it may not be suited for module 1 students.

#### Passion Projects - Theme: Sportsball

Join Josh to hack on sports related side projects.

#### Quality Time with Jason Noble
We have the privilege of having the current leader in the Mentor Cup join us this afternoon. Jason will be hanging out in Classroom A. 

#### Side Hustles with Not Steve

Mike is filling in for Steve

Working on an awesome side project and need some accountability? Want to work on a side project, but need some inspiration? Interested in open source, but not sure where to start?

We'll share some details about the status of our projects.

Meet near the conference table near the Staff area.
