---
title: 20150330
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 9:00)

**Meet in your posses.**

Isaac and Albert were excitedly describing the result of the Third Annual International Science Fair Extravaganza in Sweden. There were three contestants, Louis, Rene, and Johannes. Isaac reported that Louis won the fair, while Rene came in second. Albert, on the other hand, reported that Johannes won the fair, while Louis came in second.

In fact, neither Isaac nor Albert had given a correct report of the results of the science fair. Each of them had given one correct statement and one false statement. What was the actual placing of the three contestants?

## 1410

### Daily JavaScript (9:00 - 9:30)

This morning we'll spend a few minutes looking at `apply`, `call`, and `bind` with Steve in Classroom B.

### Designing an API (9:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to discuss APIs in all of their glory.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/designing_an_api.markdown)
* [Parse REST API](https://parse.com/docs/rest)
* [JSON API](http://jsonapi.org)
* [Ember Data's ActiveModel Adapter](http://emberjs.com/api/data/classes/DS.ActiveModelAdapter.html)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Jeffrey Wan & Lydia Shafer will be looking at the Twitter API
* Konr Josef Larson & Chris Luhring will be looking at the Github API
* Krista A Nelson & Michael Dao will be looking at the Foursquare API
* Adam Smith & Laura Whalin will be looking at the Instagram API
* Emily Berkeley & Brandon Mrsny will be looking at the Facebook API
* Bhargavi Satpathy & Nathan Owsiany will be looking at the LinkedIn API
* Alexandra Robinson & Orion Osborn will be looking at the Slack API
* Scott Crawford & Bryce Holcomb will be looking at the Trello API

### Mocking and Doubling APIs (1:00 - 4:00)

Don't blow past your rate limits. Mock your APIs with Horace in Classroom C.

## 1412

### Understanding Multitenancy (9:00 - 12:00)

Can it even be done? Meet with Jorge in Classroom A.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Pivot those Dinner Dashes.

## 1502

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Let's review our homework with Rachel in Classroom C.

### How the Web Works (9:30 - 11:00)

So, we're going to build web applications in this module. We should probably get to know a little more about how the web works, right?

Meet with the one and only Josh Mejia in Classroom C.

### What is Rack? (11:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Josh Mejia in Classroom C to meet the Rack Lobster.

### CRUD in Sinatra (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom B to CRUD out your Task Manager. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/crud_sinatra.markdown). 

### Homework

CRUD out either Skill Inventory or Robot World. Find the specifications at the bottom of [this file](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/crud_sinatra.markdown). 

## 1503

### String, Integers, and Control Flow (9:00 - 10:30)

String, integers, and control flow are the building blocks of pretty much everything.

Meet with Jeff in the Big Workspace.

### Problems, Solutions, and Algorithms (10:30 - 12:00)

Got problems? Horace has solutions (and algorithms) in the Big Workspace.

During the lesson we'll be doing a series of small group exercises using the following groups:


__Session 1:__

* Drew Reynolds, Dmitry Vizersky, Vanessa Gomez
* Whitney Hiemstra, Rob Cornell, Michael Merrill
* Erik Butcher, Sally MacNicholas, David Maurer
* Brett Grigsby, Morgan Miller, Rick Bacci
* Eugene Khanutin, Chelsea Worrel, Lev Kravinsky
* Max Tedford, Josh Cass, Andrew Fink
* Margarett Ly, Justin Holmes


__Session 2:__

* Dmitry Vizersky, Morgan Miller, Chelsea Worrel
* Max Tedford, Vanessa Gomez, Drew Reynolds
* David Maurer, Michael Merrill, Andrew Fink
* Margarett Ly, Eugene Khanutin, Rob Cornell
* Josh Cass, Brett Grigsby, Erik Butcher
* Lev Kravinsky, Justin Holmes, Sally MacNicholas
* Rick Bacci, Whitney Hiemstra


__Session 3:__

* Andrew Fink, Justin Holmes, Rob Cornell
* Max Tedford, Vanessa Gomez, Lev Kravinsky
* Sally MacNicholas, Eugene Khanutin, Erik Butcher
* Brett Grigsby, Michael Merrill, Drew Reynolds
* Margarett Ly, Whitney Hiemstra, Rick Bacci
* Josh Cass, David Maurer, Dmitry Vizersky
* Morgan Miller, Chelsea Worrel


### Scavenger Hunt (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Raissa in the big workspace to get to know Denver a little better.
