---
title: 20150402
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm-Up (8:30 - 8:50)

#### Turing Struct

Let's create a Turing Struct ruby class which wraps a hash and exposes
its keys as methods.

A Turing Struct accepts a hash when it's initialized, e.g.:

```
TuringStruct.new({my: "hash"})
```

When we provide a hash to a TuringStruct, we can then ask it for the
keys of that hash as if they were methods:

```
struct = TuringStruct.new({some: "value", another: "thing"})
struct.some
# => "value"
struct.another
# => "thing"
```

__Extension:__ Once you have a working struct, see what it would take to allow
method-chaining to retrieve nested hash data:

```
struct = TuringStruct.new({nested: {another: "hash"})
struct.nested.another
# => "hash"
```

## 1410

### Daily JavaScript (9:00 - 9:30)

This morning, we'll talk about closures in Classroom B with Steve.

* [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/pokulu/1/edit?js,console)

### Ember Fundamentals (9:30 - 11:00)

Let's get started with Ember, shall we?

* [Taco Lovers Club of Denver](http://jsbin.com/gutiza/3/edit?html,js,output)
* [IdeaBox with Ember](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/ideabox-ember)
* [Good Tipper](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/good-tipper)

### Ember Routing (11:00 - 12:00)

Routing in Ember *can* be confusing, but it really doesn't have to be.

Let's step slowly and deliberately though a collection of nested routes.

* [Beard Beats](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/beard-beats)

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

## 1412

### Multitenancy Authorization (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jorge in Classroom C to talk about making sure the wrong people don't get access to the wrong things.

### Iteration One Check-ins and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Time to meet with your client.

## 1502

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Rachel in the Big Workspace to review your homework.

### Sequel (9:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Josh in the Big Workspace to talk about Sequel.

### TaskManager SQL/Sequel Transformation (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Josh in Classroom C to make the move.

## 1503

### Recap Collections Exercises (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom A is your new home. Join Horace to recap the collections exercises from yesterday.

### Recap Deaf Grandma (9:30 - 10:00)

WHAT'S THAT!? YOU LOVE WRITING RUBY? SO DOES GRANDMA. Let's talk about it in Classroom A.

### Object-Oriented Programming (10:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A to discuss the concepts behind [Object Oriented Programming](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/object_oriented_programming.markdown).

### Deaf Grandma with OOP (1:00 - 2:00)

Stay with Horace in Classroom A to practice applying your new Object-Oriented Programming techniques to Deaf Grandma.

### Spiraling Design & Tests (2:00 - 3:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to talk about applying iterative problem solving
to designing software tests.

### Fibber Project Kick-Off and Work Time (3:30 - 4:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A to get started on the new [Fibber](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/fibber.markdown) project in Classroom A. It's due at 9AM on Monday the 6th.
