---
title: 20150928
layout: outline
---

Today, in 2008, SpaceX launches the first private spacecraft, the Falcon 1 into orbit.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1503

### Rails in Review (Optional) (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom C for a Q&A session to review
any topics you'd like to discuss from our 3-month foray
into Rails.

Here are [some of the topics](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/rails_in_review.markdown)
we have covered in the past, but bring your own questions as well.

### Javascript in Review (Optional) (10:30 - 12:00)

Same as above, but for Javascript!

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

<<<<<<< HEAD
Work on yo Project.

=======
Last project work time for Flack. Finish up some chat-tastic
applications!

Horace will be available to help you extinguish any last-minute project
flames.
>>>>>>> a2a597356754e9164b97a531661ab354ad3531cb

## 1505

### Caching Strategies in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to use different caching strategies in Rails to improve the performance of your page.

Clone the class repo using the following command:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom.git caching_strategies
```

The materials for this class are the following:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/j272qacng86g8q0/Turing%20-%20Caching%20Strategies%20in%20Rails%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* The video will be posted after the session.

Meet Jorge in the Big Workspace.

### Project Check-Ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jorge

* 1:30 - Sebastian Abondano
* 1:45 - David Shim
* 2:00 - Max Millington
* 2:15 - Alex Tideman
* 2:30 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 2:45 - Jai Misra
* 3:00 - Adam Caron
* 3:15 - Drew Conly
* 3:30 - Mitch Ashby

#### With Andrew

* 1:00 - Mike Reeves
* 1:15 - Rick Bacci
* 1:30 - Erik Butcher
* 1:45 - Rob Cornell
* 2:00 - Dave Maurer
* 2:15 - Jack Yeh
* 2:30 - Tyler Graham
* 2:45 - Michael Merrill
* 3:00 - Dmitry Vizersky
* 3:15 - Michael Dorrance
* 3:30 - Samson Brock
* 3:45 - Marla Brizel


## 1507

### JavaScript Part 1 (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Little Shop Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Your Product Overlord will inform you of when your meeting is.


## 1508

### Final Assessments and Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Tyler Komoroske
* 9:30 - Chad Minnerath
* 10:00 - Nicole Hall
* 10:30 - Penney Garrett
* 11:00 - Jill Donohue

#### With Josh

* 9:00 - Jhun de Andres
* 9:30 - Pat Wey
* 10:00 - Aaron Careaga
* 10:30 - Edgar Duran
* 11:00 - Robbie Lane

#### With Mike

* 9:00 - Torie Joy-Warren
* 9:30 - Ross Edfort
* 10:00 - Amber Crawford
* 10:30 - John Slota
* 11:00 - Shannon Paige

#### With Tess

* 9:00 - Marlo Major
* 9:30 - Ryan Johnson
* 10:00 - Matt Rooney
* 10:30 - Charissa Lawrence

#### With Andrew

* 9:00 - Sekhar Paladugu
* 9:30 - Jason Pilz
* 10:00 - Matt Stjernholm
* 10:30 - Emily Dowdle


### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:00) 

#### Echoes

If you don't have Sinatra serving your NightWriter,
on your server, then check in with me to figure out
what hurdle is tripping you up.

Otherwise, work with the trotters

* Ask them how you can help them with Headcount.
* Opt for removing hurdles over offering design advice,
  there are many ways to do this project,
  it's okay if their approach differs from what you did or what I advocated.
* Make sure their code is passing my high-level test.
* Hugs are an acceptable way to offer aid.
* Note that I (Josh) have changed the
  [evaluation matrix](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/headcount.markdown#evaluation-rubric)
  So far, no one has submitted a pull request, and I'm a bit worried about that.
  Maybe walk them through the process.

#### Trotters

Clone my big test suite: [https://github.com/turingschool-examples/headcount_test_harness](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/headcount_test_harness)
It doesn't contain everything we need, but you need to pass this if you want a 4,
and it will keep you from getting too far off track.

I'll come around and check in on you after working with the echoes.
If you are stuck on something be sure to ask a classmate
to look at it with you.

If you get all my tests passing,
and you're hitting your head against the cursor of consensus,
then band together with the other groups that are in the same situation,
and help me figure out what the requirements should be.
Send me pull requests on the project description and on the test harness,
I haven't gotten that far in my implementation,
and I don't have the bandwidth to get back to it.

You need to work together on this, or you won't have the consensus,
and then you won't know what the requirement should be.
Help me improve the project!

### Echoes / Trotters

Yes, I gave y'all adorable nicknames. You're welcome.


### Let's Talk About Portfolios (2:00 - 3:00)

Meet Jeff in Classroom A.

### Portfolio Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Work in pairs on your portfolio.

* Tyler Komoroske & Matt Rooney
* Chad Minnerath & John Slota
* Edgar Duran & Amber Crawford
* Robbie Lane & Ryan Johnson
* Jason Pilz & Matt Stjernholm
* Shannon Paige & Sekhar Paladugu
* Jhun de Andres & Torie Warren
* Nicole Hall & Emily Dowdle
* Marlo Major & Jill Donohue
* Penney Garrett & Ross Edfort
* Aaron Careaga & Pat Wey & Charissa Lawrence