---
title: 150107
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Alright. Let's assume that every letter is worth some amount of points based on it's order in the alphabet.

We've got eight people on staff these days:

* Jeff Casimir
* Jorge Téllez
* Rachel Warbelow
* Steve Kinney
* Raissa Shafer
* Josh Mejia
* Horace Williams
* Ben Orenstein

Assuming you multiply the value of each letter in a faculty members name, who has the greatest value?

`A` is worth 1 point. `Z` is worth 26. So far; so good.

**Example**: `hello` is `h * e * l * l * o`—which ends up being `8 * 5 * 12 * 12 * 15`. If you multiply them all together, that's 86400.

**TESTS OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN.**

## 1407

### Project Work Time (All Day)

We did pretty in depth check-ins yesterday. It's time for the final push.

Steve, Horace, and Ben are on hand all day to help in any way possible.

## 1409

### Project Work Time (All Day)

First of all, if you haven't seen [this clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5DHU8SwYJ0) from _Friends_, watch it.

Jorge is available from 9:00–11:00 and 3:00-4:00.

Horace and Ben are available all day.

Steve is totally willing to make himself available as well. Bring him your JavaScript (or any other) questions.

## 1410

### Contact Manager Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rachel, Josh, and Ben are available for questions.

### Unit Testing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to test your units. Here is the [lesson outline](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/unit_testing_in_rails.markdown).

### Acceptance Testing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Are you ready for acceptance? If so, join Josh in Classroom C.

## 1412

### Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Josh and Ben waiting in the wings to help you.

Jeff is available between 11:00-12:00.

### NumberMind Redux (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk about running numbers.
