---
title: 20151130
layout: outline
---

Today, in 2004, Ken Jennings finally loses at Jeopardy!

## All

Welcome 1511!

NAME TAGS ALL WEEK

### Friday Lunch Roulette

Get ready to meet some of your fellow Turing students with Friday Lunch
Roulette! Early this week, find your group listed below and decide on a plan
for Friday lunch (go out to eat, bring lunch to Turing, etc.). Just please
make sure that'll stay in the 12:00 - 1:15pm window.

* Torie Warren, Julian Feliciano, Lenny Myerson, Matt Ewell
* Dan Winter, Nicholas Dorans, Aaron Careaga, Jason Wright
* Matt Hecker, Scott Firestone, Aaron Greenspan, Edgar Duran
* Steven Olson, Emily Blanchard, Emily Dowdle, Ryan Asensio
* Greg Armstrong, Jerrod Paul Junker, Adam Hundley, Justin Holzmann
* Shannon Paige, Dave Maurer, Brian Rippeto, Penney Garrett
* Kimiko Kano, Beth Sebian, Ross Edfort, Rose Kohn
* Mary Beth Burch, Beth Secor, Matt Pindell, Justin Pease
* Joseph Perry, Nick Weiland, Ryan Johnson, George Hudson
* Adam Jensen, Mimi Schatz, Brant Wellman, Brennan Holtzclaw
* Heidi Hoopes, Taylor Moore, Rick Bacci, Matt Stjernholm
* Regis Boudinot, David Whitaker, Michael Wong, Steve Pentler
* Charles Ellison, Chad Minnerath, Tyler Graham, Tyler Komoroske
* Jordan Lawler, Jhun de Andres, Admir Draganovic, Alon Waisman
* Jason Pilz, Travis Haby, Gurusundesh Khalsa, Hector Huertas Baeza
* Pat Wey, Deborah Hamel, James Crockett, Bret Doucette
* Toni Rib, Alireza Andersen, Amber Crawford, Jeff Ruane
* Adrienne Domingus, Sekhar Paladugu, Brenna Martenson, July Tran
* Allan Blair, Michael Merrill, John Slota, David Stinnette
* Nate Venn, Marlo Major, Jack Yeh, Robbie Lane, Chris Cenatiempo
* Russell Harms, Alexis Navarrete, Nicole Hall, Stanley Siudzinski
* Matt Rooney, Matt DesMarteau, Erik Butcher, Marina Corona


## 1507

### Building Turing (9:00 - 10:30)

Gather in the Big Workspace

### Module 4 Kickoff and Introduction to Client-Side Engineering (10:30 - 12:00)

Gather up in Classroom A to meet with Steve, Meeka, and Lovisa.

- [Etherpad for topics for further discussion from the homework](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1507-javascript)
- [Module 4 Kickoff Slides](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/000zBCx40R8iIKl_vdN6PEjdA#Module_4_Kickoff%2C_2015-11-30)
- [Monday Kickoff Slides](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/000R6fRvuP9aZcSlBh_5aVDXw#Monday_Kickoff%2C_2015-11-30)

### Ideabox 2.0 Kickoff (1:00 - 2:00)

Reassemble back in Classroom A with Steve, Lovisa, and Meeka to discuss your first project.

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/revenge_of_idea_box.markdown)

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Start boxing all of your ideas. Steve, Meeka, and Lovisa are on hand for questions.


## 1508

### Building Turing (9:00 - 11:00)

Gather in the Big Workspace

### The Pivot Kickoff (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

I wish the Pivot had a theme song.


## 1510

### Module 2 Kickoff (10:30 - 11:00)

Let's get things [started](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKqV7DB8Iwg) in Classroom C.

### Introduction to Sinatra (11:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C.

### Introduction to Materialize (1:00 - 4:00)

Learn how to customize by making use of Materialize. Classroom C.


## 1511

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Gather in Classroom A to meet the staff. If you don't know where Classroom A is,
you should ask someone.  : )

### Building Turing (9:00 - 10:30)

It's a Turing Tradition to spend the first part of the morning the first day
of the module working on our space.

### Tour and Getting Started (10:30 - 11:00)

Wer're now going to show you your new home for the next seven months.

### Computer Setup (11:00 - 12:00)

Join us in the Big Workspace to walk through setting up a basic development
environment on your computer.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You've heard the staff intros, now it's our turn to hear about you.

We'll have lunch and chat in Classroom A.

### All: Success At Turing (1:00 - 2:30)

### Echo: Getting Started with Exercism (2:30 - 4:00)

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (2:30 - 4:00)

