---
title: 20150611
layout: outline
---

Today in History:  In 1963, John F. Kennedy, in an address from the Oval Office, proposes
what would become the Civil Rights Act of 1964.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:30)

Can you find all prime numbers between 1-10000 using the sieve of Eratosthenes?

Post your solutions in #warmup-answers. The most interesting, well written or obfuscated solutions
will receive an arbitrary number of posse points.

### Student Advisory Board (4:20 - 5:20)

TBA

### Recitation (4:25 - 5:30)

And on the fourth day of the week, 1505 rested.


## 1412

### Websockets in Node (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom A. Steve.

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/real_time_applications_with_node.markdown)
* [Repository](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/right-now/tree/2015-04-29-basic-chat)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Trey Tomlinson & DJ Greenfield
* Dustin Gault & Markus Olsen
* Rich Shea & Kyra Steenbock
* Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* Kit Pearson & Miriam Moser
* Paul Grever & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Jeffrey Gu

### Designing an Application (1:00 - 4:00)

It's Josh Cheek Week in Classroom A.

## 1502

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

Make sure to install a performance profiler before your meetings. You can use Skylight, New Relic or another solution as long as they tell the speed that a page takes to load in milliseconds.

Client Evaluations with Jorge

We are going to use Google Hangouts. Have one team member initiate the Hangout with Jorge.

* 9:00 - Kristina Brown, David Daniel, Patrick Medaugh
* 9:30 - Eric Dowty, Fred Block, Kenny Chen
* 10:00 - Andre Carmer, Tess Griffin, Kyle Henson
* 10:30 - Minnie Lee, Michelle Golle, Tom Leskin
* 11:00 - Mihir Parikh, Lori Culberson, Tracy Caruso
* 11:30 - Jack Yeh



Code Evaluations with Horace And/or Josh Cheek

* 9:30 - Kristina Brown, David Daniel, Patrick Medaugh
* 10:00 - Eric Dowty, Fred Block, Kenny Chen
* 10:30 - Andre Carmer, Tess Griffin, Kyle Henson
* 11:00 - Minnie Lee, Michelle Golle, Tom Leskin
* 11:30 - Mihir Parikh, Lori Culberson, Tracy Caruso

### Self Directed Projects Kickoff (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet with Jorge via Join.me. Have your ideas ready.

The instructions for the session are as follow:

1. Download the Join.me client [here](http://join.me).
2. Create a free account
3. Join me at join.me/novohispano
4. Mute your microphone
5. Unmute it when I ask you a question
6. DM me via Slack when you have a question, so that I can see a popup

### Cohort Demo (3:00 - 4:00)

Meet in Classroom B for your cohort demo. Each team is expected to present for 5 minutes. Your classmate, Kristina, will coordinate.

Make sure that you answer these questions:

1. Name of your project
2. Which problem were you trying to solve
3. How does your product solve that problem
4. What is the biggest technical challenge that you faced
5. How did you tackle that challenge

## 1503

### Git Workflow (9:00 - 12:00)

Time to [git your act together](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/revisiting-git-workflows-module-2.markdown) in Classroom B.

### Mid Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Rachel

* 1:00 - Dmitry Vizersky
* 1:45 - Rob Cornell
* 2:30 - Dave Maurer
* 3:15 - Tyler Graham

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - Chelsea Worrel
* 1:45 - Michael Merrill
* 2:30 - Jamie Kawahara

### Rails Mini Project (1:00 - 4:00)

It's a [project](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/rails-mini-project.markdown). It's mini. Exactly.

Work in the following pairs to start the project. You'll have the option to finish the project in pairs, or fork the project over the weekend and finish it on your own.

* Brett Grigsby & Vanessa Gomez
* Tyler Graham & Lev Kravinsky
* Max Tedford & Chelsea Worrel
* Morgan Miller & Margarett Ly
* Rick Bacci & Erik Butcher
* Rob Cornell & Dave Maurer
* Jamie Kawahara & Drew Reynolds
* Andrew Fink & Dmitry Vizersky
* Michael Merrill & Sally MacNicholas
* Justin Holmes & Whitney Hiemstra
* Josh Cass


## 1505

[Here](https://s3.amazonaws.com/josh.cheek/screencasts/object-model-bindings-locals-the-stack.mp4)
is video from yesterday's Object Model lesson: Bindings, the stack, self, local variables.
Unfortunately, the second half didn't save, because my harddrive ran out of space >.<

### Finishing Up (9:00 - 12:00)

This morning you should be focused on your finishing touches.

* It's a *bad* time to start new features.
* It's a great time to refactor.
* It's a great time to improve your tests.
* Make sure to git commit early and often. Don't bring sob stories about how it "worked 10 minutes ago."
* Half a thing is better than a half-assed thing.
* Review [the rubric](https://github.com/JumpstartLab/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/chisel.markdown) and remember you're
shooting for 3s first then thinking about 4s.

### Early Bird Chisel Evaluations (10:20 - 12:00)

#### With Mike

* 10:20 - Rachel Parri
* 10:40 - Mitch Ashby
* 11:00 - Marla Brizel

### Chisel Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 1:20 - Drew Conly
* 1:40 - Samson Brock
* 2:00 - Michael Dorrance
* 2:40 - Jason Wright
* 3:00 - David Shim
* 3:20 - Rebekah Sosa
* 3:40 - Sebastian Abondano

#### With Steve

* 3:40 - Justin Pease

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Justin Holzmann
* 1:20 - Mike Reeves
* 1:40 - Adam Caron
* 2:00 - David Stinette
* 2:40 - Jai Misra
* 3:00 - Alex Tideman
* 3:20 - Max Millington
* 3:40 - Jerrod Paul Junker
