---
title: 20150914
layout: outline
---

Today, in 2000, Microsoft releases Windows ME. Me no like it.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).

### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00) (For 1503 and 1505)

Join us in the Big Workspace.

We'll work on this [exercise](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/get_in.markdown).

Attempt the first portion of the exercise in the language of your choice (Ruby or Javascript are great choices!)

Then we'll look at some solutions before going on to the extension. If you finish early,
try re-implementing it with a different looping strategy (iteration vs. recursion) or
with another language.

in the following pairs:

* Whitney Hiemstra, Marla Brizel
* Vanessa Gomez, David Shim
* Brett Grigsby, Drew Conly
* Justin Holmes, Michael Dorrance
* Margarett Ly, Samson Brock
* Sally MacNicholas, Jai Misra
* Morgan Miller, Alex Tideman
* Drew Reynolds, Tyler Graham
* Max Tedford, Rick Bacci
* Josh Cass, Lovisa Svallingson
* Dmitry Vizersky, Jack Yeh
* Mike Reeves, Rob Cornell
* Sebastian Abondano, Erik Butcher
* Adam Caron, Max Millington
* Mitch Ashby, Jason Wright
* Michael Merrill, Dave Maurer

### Design Workshop with Cara Jo (4:00 - 6:00)

Learn about Bootstrap!

Bootstrap, an open source front-end framework, is one of the most popular front-end frameworks for building responsive websites.  Bootstrap is currently in use on over 30,000 sites across the web and allows designers and developers of all skill levels to build responsive websites quickly.

In this workshop, we will demonstrate how to use Bootstrap as a foundation for a small web project. We will be building a Bootstrap-based website from scratch, incorporating the responsive grid system, and see the basic CSS in action.

Classroom A.


## 1503

### Intro to React (9:00 - 12:00)

REACT! WOOOOO

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/intro_to_react.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Keep working on your scale up!

## 1505

### Building an API/ Securing an API (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to serve and secure your own API using your own controllers.

For this lesson, clone the class repo using the following command:

```
git clone -b building_api https://github.com/turingschool-examples/storedom.git building_api
```

The materials for this lesson are:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/sq0mijxma5bgtgd/Turing%20-%20Building%20an%20API%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* [Video](https://vimeo.com/139344443)

Join Jorge in Classroom B.

### Rales Engine Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Jorge in the Big Workspace to kickoff Rales Engine.

In this project, you will use Rails and ActiveRecord to build a JSON API which exposes the SalesEngine data schema.

You can check the full requirements [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/rales_engine.md).

The project is due on Thursday morning.

## 1507

### Contact Manager Q and A (9:00 - 10:00)

Join Josh in the Big Workspace.

### ActiveRecord Obstacle Course (10:00 - 12:00)

Mike will join you in the Big Workspace, where he will then troll you with foreign currency.

### Sessions, Cookies and Flashes (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom B to work on [Sessions, Cookies, and Flashes]([Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/sessions_cookies_and_flashes.markdown)
)

## 1508

### Dynamics (9:00 - 10:00)

Start with Jeff in Classroom A where we'll talk about [Drive](https://github.com/turingschool/dynamics/blob/master/drive.markdown).

* Penney Garrett & Chad Minnerath & Pat Wey & Jhun de Andres
* Ross Edfort & Ryan Johnson & Shannon Paige & Aaron Careaga
* Matt Rooney & Jill Donohue & Sekhar Paladugu & Jason Pilz
* Charissa Lawrence & Torie Warren & John Slota & Emily Dowdle
* Nicole Hall & Edgar Duran & Robbie Lane & Marlo Major
* Amber Crawford & Matt Stjernholm & Tyler Komoroske

### Git and GitHub for Pairs (10:00 - 11:00)

This week we'll start our first paired projects and we need some Git/GitHub
strategy. Continue with Jeff in Classroom A where you'll [work on this exercise](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/git_and_github_for_pairs.markdown) in these pairs:

* Ryan Johnson & Robert Lane
* Matt Stjernholm & Ross Edfort
* Tyler Komoroske & Chad Minnerath
* Charissa Lawrence & Shannon Paige
* Patrick Wey & Jason Pilz
* Marlo Major & John Slota
* Amber Crawford & Nicole Hall
* Aaron Careaga & Penney Garrett
* Sekhar Paladugu & Jhun de Andres
* Jill Donohue & Emily Dowdle
* Edgar Duran & Matthew Rooney
* and Torie Joy-Warren gap filling

### Project Kickoffs (11:00 - 12:00)

#### Foxtrot: Enigma

Foxtrotters will build [Enigma](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/enigma.markdown). Spend the first 30 minutes together with your pair reading and deciphering the assignment. Then come
back to the classroom at at 11:30 to discuss as a group and answer any questions.

#### Echo: Headcount

Echoes will build [Headcount](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/headcount.markdown). Get together with your pair, read through the project assignment quickly, then we'll talk about it in Classroom A 11:10-11:30.

### Throwdown (1:00 - 2:30)

Throwdown with Josh in Classroom A.

Lets work on a [wizarding bank!](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/wizarding_bank.markdown)

* 15 min - Questions
* 45 min - Work on this in pairs or solo at your discretion. Keep in mind that this challenge is longer than you can probably do in 45 minutes. Think about it like a job interview -- the point isn't to finish, it's to do your best work.
* 30 min - Review solutions, insights, whatevz

### Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Then finally get together with your pair and dive into your project.
