---
title: 20150305
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warmup (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet with your posse to solve [the blue and brown eyes](https://xkcd.com/blue_eyes.html) puzzle.

## 1409

### Big Group Checkin (9:00)

Let's meet briefly in Classroom A to take a pulse on these ember beasts and see where people are at.

### Project Work Time and Pairing Sessions (9:30 - 12:00)

We'll have work time all day today. In addition, Horace would like to spend some longer chunks of time with each group to assess progress and try to troubleshoot sticky issues.

__9:30 - 10:45__: Timothy Mee & Gregory Narajka & Chase van Hekken

__10:45 - 12:00__: Zachary Routhier & Herbert Joseph & Victoria Harrod

For the first hour you can use Classroom A, the A workspace, and the big workspace.

From 10-12 you can use Classroom A, the A workspace, and Classroom B.

Josh will be available for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

__1:00 - 2:15__: David Bayendor & Kate Lane & Alex Jensen

__2:15 - 3:30__: Sam Kuhlmann & Chandra Carney & Travis Yoder

Classroom A should be available for working. Possibly also C.

## 1410

### Iteration One Check-ins and Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Please work in Classroom A and the surrounding work spaces.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Jorge is on hand for your questions in the big workspace.

## 1412

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Josh Mejia in Classroom C to review your homework from yesterday.

### MiniProject Kick-Off (9:30 - 10:00)

* Trey Tomlinson & Dustin Gault
* Markus Olsen & Stanley Siudzinski
* Teresa Finn & Jeffrey Gu 
* Austin Wood & Kyra Steenbock
* Fred Block & DJ Greenfield & Miriam Moser
* Edward McCarthy & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Lori Culberson & Paul Grever

Stick around in Classroom C where Rachel will kick off a tiny project. You'll get started on one of the [Rails MiniProjects](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/rails-mini-project.markdown) which you will finish over the weekend.

### Cross-Cohort Code Retreat (10:00 - 11:00)

Get to the big workspace where we'll do two hours of code retreat with the 1502 cohort.

We're going to use [Challenge 2 of the BubbleSort Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/bubble_sort.markdown).

### Git Workflow (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Josh Mejia in Classroom B to revisit Git.

Have one person in your pair fork the [gitastrophy](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/gitastrophy) repo.

* Paul Grever & Trey Tomlinson
* Markus Olsen & DJ Greenfield
* Miriam Moser & Stanley Siudzinski
* Jeffrey Gu & Dustin Gault
* Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* Fred Block & Kyra Steenbock
* Teresa Finn & Charles Valentino Espinoza
* Lori Culberson

### Work Time: Mini-Project (2:30 - 4:00)

Continue working with your pair on the Rails MiniProject.

## 1502

### Measuring Test Coverage (9:00 - 10:00)

First up, meet with Jeff in Classroom B to experiment with the test coverage tool
SimpleCov.

* [SimpleCov Documentation](https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov)
* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/measuring_improving_test_coverage.markdown)

### Cross-Cohort Code Retreat (10:00 - 11:00)

Get to the workspace where we'll do two hours of code retreat with the 1412 cohort.

We're going to use [Challenge 2 of the BubbleSort Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/bubble_sort.markdown).

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Then this afternoon it's back to project work. Josh is on hand for questions in the big workspace.
