---
title: 20150903
layout: outline
---

Happy Birthday Charlie Sheen! Ick.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Time for Today's [Logic Problem](http://cl.ly/3W390s2H2H0m)

### Student Advisory Board (4:20 - 5:20)

This is a thing.

## 1503

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Continue working on your games. Most of your projects
have delivered a solid proof of concept and figured out
solutions for the games' logic problems.

Now we need to do a lot of testing, refactoring, and polishing.

Horace will be available for questions and troubleshooting.

### Design Fundamentals (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet Noelia in Classroom C for a session to build up your design fundamentals.

### Intra-Cohort Check-Ins (2:00 - 3:00)

Let's get together with the cohort to give a
quick demo of our projects thus far. The purpose
of this session is to solicit feedback on design
and playability, and to brainstorm any last features
we'd like to add going into the weekend.

* 2:00 - 2:10 -- Drew & Josh
* 2:10 - 2:20 -- Whitney & Sally
* 2:20 - 2:30 -- Vanessa & Max
* 2:30 - 2:40 -- Margarett & Justin
* 2:40 - 2:50 -- Morgan & Brett

## 1505

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Add the final touches to your app. Make sure that you have refactored, improved your test coverage, and cleaned up the UX.

You can find the evaluation criteria [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/the_pivot.markdown#evaluation).

Remember that your apps need to be working on Heroku to be evaluated.

### Pivot Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### Product Evaluations with Jorge

* 1:00 - Marla, Lovisa, Dmitry
* 1:20 - Tyler, Jai, Mike, Michael
* 1:40 - Jack, Adam, Dave
* 2:00 - Sebastian, Max, Alex
* 2:20 - Michael, Rob, Mitch
* 2:40 - Samson, David, Jason
* 3:00 - Rick, Erik, Drew

#### Technical Evaluations with Sean Griffin

For your technical evaluations, please have [SimpleCov](https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov) installed and configured.

* 1:20 - Marla, Lovisa, Dmitry
* 1:40 - Tyler, Jai, Mike, Michael
* 2:00 - Jack, Adam, Dave
* 2:20 - Sebastian, Max, Alex
* 2:40 - Michael, Rob, Mitch
* 3:00 - Samson, David, Jason
* 3:20 - Rick, Erik, Drew

### Internal Demo (4:10 - 5:00)

* 4:10 - Marla, Lovisa, Dmitry
* 4:15 - Rick, Erik, Drew
* 4:20 - Jack, Adam, Dave
* 4:25 - Sebastian, Max, Alex
* 4:30 - Michael, Rob, Mitch
* 4:35 - Samson, David, Jason
* 4:40 - Tyler, Jai, Mike, Michael

## 1507

### Traffic Spy Check Ins (9:00 - 12:00)

* 9:00 - Regis Boudinot & David Stinnette & Jerrod Paul Junker
* 9:30 - Mary Beth Burch & George Hudson & Chris Cenatiempo
* 10:00 - Bret Doucette & Justin Holzmann & Justin Pease
* 10:30 - Travis Haby & Matt Hecker & Adam Jensen
* 11:00 - Jeff Ruane & Alon Waisman & Michael Wong & Mimi Schatz
* 11:30 - Rose Kohn & Ryan Asensio & Matt Ewell & Russell Harms

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Mike will be available for your questions.


## 1508 - Echo

### Linked List Evaluations & Sorting Redux (9:00 - 12:00)

First, find you evaluation appointment below and make sure you're there on time.

The project is due at 9AM. So when you're not in your eval you're *not* working
on your project. RIGHT?

Instead, mash up your last two projects. Can you revise your Sorting Suite algorithms
to make use of your Linked List instead of any internal arrays? Insertion Sort is
particularly cool. Get together with your classmates about 11:00 and compare progress.

The [original Linked List assignment/rubric is here](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/linked_lists.markdown).

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 - Charissa Lawrence
* 9:30 - Patrick Wey
* 10:00 - Robert Lane
* 10:30 - Tyler Komoroske

#### With Tess Griffin

* 9:00 - Matt Stjernholm
* 9:30 - John Senft
* 10:00 - Ryan Johnson
* 10:30 - Shannon Paige

#### With Sean Griffin

* 9:00 - Ross Edfort
* 9:30 - Torie Joy-Warren
* 10:00 - Jason Pilz
* 10:30 - Chad Minnerath

### How Binary Search Trees Work (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Josh Cheek in Classroom A where he'll introduce Binary Search Trees.

### Echo: Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Mike will be on hand for questions.

## 1508 - Foxtrot

### Week 2 Diagnostic & Recap (9:00 - 10:30)

Start this morning in Classroom A with Jeff where you'll first work on the
Week 2 diagnostic, then follow up with a review.

### Starting Mythical Creatures (10:30 - 12:00)

Next up it's time for some solo work focused on objects, methods, and testing.
Jeff will kick you off and you'll dive into the [Mythical Creatures](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises). Ideally you should
finish Mythical Creatures by Wednesday. It's a little lower priority than your
Chisel project.

### Testing Mastermind (1:00 - 4:00)

Ages ago you created a thing called Mastermind. At the time, you didn't really
know how to create objects. You didn't really know how to write tests.

Do you now?

Get together with the pair below:

* John Slota & Jhun de Andres
* Jill Donohue & Emily Dowdle
* Edgar Duran & Penney Garrett
* Matthew Rooney & Nicole Hall
* Marlo Major & Amber Crawford
* Aaron Careaga & Sekhar Paladugu

Then you should:

* Pick one of your two mastermind projects. Ideally the one that works the best
(from the outside), though the state of the internal code isn't super important.
* Find a piece of functionality that could be extracted out to an object and
tested
* Build it with tests and make use of the new object from the original code
* See if you can keep the game working the whole time

Struggling with ideas? Some of the first things you might extract include:

* A `CodeGenerator` class which is responsible for generating your secret code
* A `Printer` class which is responsible for printing all the various messages
* A `GuessComparator` class which takes a guess, code, and generates feedback

Work on it until 3:30 then gather back in Classroom A to share some of your work.

## Pairing Sessions

### With Blithe

* 9:00 - (Adam Jensen)
* 10:30 - ( Your Name Here )
* 1:00 - Jill Donohue
* 2:30 - Josh Cheek

### With Noelia

* 9:00 - ( Your Name Here )
* 10:00 - ( Your Name Here )
