---
title: 20150520
layout: outline
---

## All

The Notorious B.I.G. was born today in 1972.

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Logic Problems](http://cl.ly/2e42381b1O3G) for DAYS.

Submit your answers to #warmup-answers with the name of your posse to earn 20 points.

Answers must be submitted by 9:00.

### Recitation - Arrays and Hashes - (4:15 - 5:30)



## 1412

### IdeaBox 2.0 Peer Review (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet in Classroom B and tell each other how awesome or how not awesome your code is.

### IdeaBox 2.0 Recap and Refactor (10:00 - 11:30)

Stay in Classroom B with Steve and go over what you've just done.

### Re-Pivot Kickoff (11:30 - 12:00)

Just you wait until you find out what the Re-Pivot is. It will be GLORIOUS.
Steve will tell you what it's all about.

### Re-Pivot Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

How many pivots could a pivot pivot if a pivot could pivot pivots?


## 1502

### Pivot Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

It's really confusing that there's a Pivot project and a Re-Pivot project happening
at the very same time. Work on your pivot. You can do it. I believe in you.

### Pivot Work Time and Check-Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Check Ins (with Jorge)

* 1:00 - 1:30: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 1:30 - 2:00: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:00 - 2:30: Mihir, Jack, Tess
* 2:30 - 3:00: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:00 - 3:30: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred

Technical Check Ins (with Sam)

* 1:30 - 2:00: Eric, Patrick, Tom
* 2:00 - 2:30: Kristina, Kenny, Lori
* 2:30 - 3:00: Mihir, Jack, Tess
* 3:00 - 3:30: Minnie, Tracy, Kyle
* 3:30 - 4:00: Andrew, Michelle, Dave, Fred

## 1503

### SQL (9:00 - 10:00)

You're in Classroom C with Josh as you learn about SQL, Structured Query Language.

### Sequel (10:00 - 12:00)

Yes, there is a difference between SQL and Sequel. Stay in Classroom C and we'll let you in on the secret.

### Task Manager Transformation with Sequel (1:00 - 4:00)

We're moving to Classroom B so you can learn all about how to take that Task Manager and make it something SPECIAL.


## 1505

### Collections Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Hit Classroom A where you'll go over your homework with Mike.

### Object-Oriented Programming (9:30 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom A. Jeff will be teaching you about classes, methods and all the things
you need to know about Object Oriented Programming.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/object_oriented_programming.markdown)

Food for thought: If statements aren't object-oriented.

### Week 1 Diagnostic (1:00 - 2:00)

Details to Come. Hang around Classroom A, though.

### Spiraling Design and Tests (2:00 - 3:30)

You got a bit of this with Horace earlier in the week. Now we go further into depth. Classroom A.

### Starting Fibber (3:30 - 4:00)

This is your first project, due on Monday. Mike will kick it off for you in Classroom A.

Bring all of your questions.

Do great things.


