---
title: 150106
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Find words in a word list that contain all the vowels in alphabetical order, non-repeated, where vowels are defined as A E I O U Y. Use this [word list](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/c0b7cd61d6c1ecd727ca).

## 1407

### FeedEngine Check-ins (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet with Ben and Steve to check in on your FeedEngine projects. We'll be looking at code and product.

* 9:00 - 9:40: Habit Rabbit
* 9:45 - 9:25: SocialSmarts

Take a look below:

### Ember Fundamentals (10:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom A to dip our toes into Ember. We'll be working with a sample repository: [Good Tipper][gt].

[gt]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/good-tipper

* [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/ember_fundementals.markdown)
* [Playing with Arrays in Ember](http://jsbin.com/xakuso)

### Building Notifications (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace in Classroom B to work on extracting [a notification service][not] in Rails.

[not]: http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/monsterporium/extract_notification_service.html

## 1409

### Advanced ActiveRecord Features (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jorge in Classroom C to talk about callbacks in ActiveRecord.

### The Pivot Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

You'll be meeting with Jorge to check in before the final sprint:

* 1:00: Herbert Joseph & Gregory Narajka & Chandra Carney & Adam Smith
* 1:45: Timothy Mee & Konr Josef Larson & Zachary Routhier
* 2:30: Sam Kuhlmann & Victoria Harrod & Alex Jensen & Danny Glunz
* 3:15: Travis Yoder & Chase van Hekken & Kate Lane & David Bayendor

## 1410

### Models, Databases, and Relationships (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom B to talk about models, databases, and relationships.

### Starting Contact Manager (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to kick off [Contact Manager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/contact_manager.html).

## 1412

### Mastermind Small-Group Check-ins (9:00 - 11:00)

This morning, you'll be meeting with Jeff and Josh in small groups.

### Planning the Finish (11:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Jeff in the Big Workspace to plan the finish.

### Debugging Techniques (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Josh in Classroom C to talk about bugs and how to squash them.

### Debugging Exercises (2:30 - 4:00)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Austin Wood & Kyle Henson
* Miriam Moser & Andrew Overby
* Teresa Finn & Markus Olsen
* David E Maurer & Jack Yeh
* Charles Valentino Espinoza & Paul Grever
* Lori Culberson & Edward McCarthy
* DJ Greenfield & Stanley Siudzinski
* Fred Block & Jeffrey Gu
* Trey Tomlinson & Juan Manuel Navarro & Kyra Weber