---
title: 20150929
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1988, NASA launches the first shuttle since the Challenger disaster.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).

## 1503

### Flack & Mini Project Evals (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Horace to evaluate your last projects
at Turing.

* 9:30 - Whitney
* 10:00 - Sally, Brett, Josh
* 10:30 - Margarett, Justin, Morgan
* 11:00 - Max, Drew
* 11:30 - Vanessa

### Final Assessment Kick-Off (1:00)

Join Horace in Classroom C for the moment you've been
waiting for.

## 1505

### Getting Started with Workers (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn how to use background workers, Active Job and Sidekiq to improve the performance on your site.

Clone the class repo by running the following command:

```
git clone https://github.com/turingschool-examples/loremore.git background_workers
```

The materials for this class are the following:

* [Notes](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8t90xxg9yuk26l1/Turing%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Background%20Workers%20%28Notes%29.pages?dl=0)
* [Video](http://vimeo.com/140826447)

Meet Jorge in the big workspace.

### Project Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jorge

* 1:00 - Max Millington
* 1:15 - Alex Tideman
* 1:30 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 3:00 - Jai Misra
* 3:30 - Drew Conly
* 3:45 - Mitch Ashby

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Rick Bacci
* 1:15 - Erik Butcher
* 1:30 - Jack Yeh
* 1:45 - Tyler Graham
* 2:00 - Break
* 2:15 - Michael Merrill
* 2:30 - Dmitry Vizersky
* 2:45 - Adam Caron


#### With Nathan Hessler

* 1:30 - Samson Brock
* 1:45 - Marla Brizel
* 2:00 - Sebastian Abondano
* 2:15 - Rob Cornell
* 2:30 - Break
* 2:45 - Dave Maurer
* 3:00 - Michael Dorrance
* 3:15 - David Shim

## 1507

### Intro to JQuery (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom B.

### Filtering with JQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Final Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

* 1:00 - David Stinnette
* 1:45 - Justin Pease
* 2:30 - Michael Wong
* 3:15 - Adam Jensen
* 4:00 - Jerrod Paul Junker

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Bret Doucette
* 1:45 - Travis Haby
* 2:30 - Rose Kohn
* 3:15 - Mary Beth Burch
* 4:00 - Justin Holzmann

#### With Tess

* 1:00 - Alon Waisman
* 1:45 - Chris Cenatiempo
* 2:30 - Mimi Schatz
* 3:15 - Ryan Asensio
* 4:00 - Russell Harms

#### With Andrew

* 1:00 - Matt Ewell
* 1:45 - Regis Boudinot
* 2:30 - Jeff Ruane
* 3:15 - Matt Hecker
* 4:00 - George Hudson


## 1508

### All: Binary, Octal, and Hexadecimal (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet Jeff in Classroom A:

    65.chr         # =>
    0b1000001.chr  # =>
    0101.chr       # =>
    0x41.chr       # =>

### All: How Computers and Electronics Work (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

### Foxtrot: Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

### Echo: Lunch Evals (12:00 - 2:30)

Meet at the Vault in the upper room for lunch.
We'll check out the solutions, and grade them.

Maybe try to write the whole thing again together as a big group project!

Maybe try to hook them up to rack,
it's the thing that defines the interface we're matching.
To do that, we just have to set some extra keys in the `env` hash
([https://github.com/rack/rack/blob/028438ffffd95ce1f6197d38c04fa5ea6a034a85/lib/rack/lint.rb#L65](https://github.com/rack/rack/blob/028438ffffd95ce1f6197d38c04fa5ea6a034a85/lib/rack/lint.rb#L65))
Maybe add middleware (guess what middleware is...
if you guessed "linked list", you'd be right!)

### Echo: Adding JSON to Headcount (2:30 - 4:00)

Omg, more projects?
Yep, more projects, We're going to make our Headcounts parse JSON!
It's like CSV but about a million times better.
Imma let y'all try on your codebases so you can feel the pain of your decisions,
then Imma give you mine to actually do it on, so you can feel the difference.
What's the difference? It's that I kept all the knowledge of the CSVs out of my instances.
Remember how I said that like a hundred times? This should help make it concrete.

Oh! We could serve that JSON from our servers!
Then if we call `DistrictRepository.from_api("http://localhost:9292/districts.json")`,
it could call out to our server to get the JSON data
rather than pulling it out of a file
to initialize the DistrictRepository with!
You don't normally get to play with fun stuff like that until module 3
I love it! Lets do it!
