---
title: 150212
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Time (8:30 - 9:00)

Let's get 1502 set up with [Exercism](http://exercism.io).

Can you help them though Raindrops?

## 1409

### Introduction to Underscore.js (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to put some Ruby in your JavaScript.

### Underscore Challenges (9:30 - 12:00)

We'll be working through some old friends on the `underscore-challenges` branch of these [challenges](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/enumerable-challenges/tree/underscore-challenges).

Steve is on hand for any and all questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Steve and Horace are both on hand for questions.

## 1410

### Iteration 1 Check-ins and Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jorge

* 9:00: Kit Pearson, Bryce Holcomb, Lydia Shafer, Chris Luhring
* 9:45: Laura Whalin, Brandon Mrsny, Rich Shea, Alexandra Robinson, Konr Josef Larson
* 10:30: Orion Osborn, Jeffrey Wan, Michael Dao, Emily Berkeley, Adam Smith
* 11:15: Krista A Nelson, Nathan Owsiany, Bhargavi Satpathy, Scott Crawford

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Pivot those Dinner Dashes.

## 1412

### Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

### SQL (9:30 - 10:30)

Talk the language of structured queries with Josh Mejia in Classroom C.

### Sequel (10:30 - 12:00)

SQL is cool, but let's get it into our Ruby applications with Josh in Classroom C.

### TaskManager Transformation (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh is on hand for questions as your transform your TaskManagers.

## 1502

### Object-Oriented Programming (9:00 - 10:30)

Orient yourself around some objects with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Dojo: OOP with a Deaf Grandma (10:30 - 12:00)

Huh? What? Say that again? Horace? Classroom A?

### How Testing Works (1:00 - 2:30)

Find out how testing works with Jeff in Classroom A.

### Using Source Control (2:30 - 4:00)

Ever get like half-way through your term paper and then Microsoft Word crashed? Yea? Well, let's talk about source control with Erika in Classroom A.