---
title: 20150708
layout: outline
---

Today, in 2011, the Space Shuttle Atlantis, is launched in the final mission of the U.S. Space Shuttle Program.


## All

### WarmUp (8:30 - 9:00)

TBA


## 1502

### JQuery Revisited (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve in the Big Workspace to revisit some JQuery.

### Design Patterns in Ruby: Observable and Pub/Sub (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay in the Big Workspace and Mike will join you to talk about some Design
Patterns.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work work work.


## 1503

### Multi-Tenancy Authorization (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A as he learns you a Multi-Tenancy Authorization.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/multitenancy_authorization.markdown)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on your Project. Do good things.


## 1505

### CRUD Homework Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Go over your homework with Rachel in Classroom C.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (9:30 - 12:00)

Stick around with Rachel in Classroom C to learn about how to test your models.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/model_testing_in_sinatra.markdown)

### Nokogiri (1:00 - 1:30)

Your favoritest person ever will teach you about Nokogiri, again in Classroom
C.

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (1:30 - 4:00)

Guess who you'll be working with? It's a surprise.


## 1507

### All: Arrays and Hashes (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom B as you learn about arrays and hashes.

### Team Echo: Arrays and Hashes in Depth (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on your assignment. Mike will be on hand for questions.

### Team Foxtrot: How Testing Works (1:00 - 2:00)

Jeff will explain to you how testing works.

### Team Foxtrot: Intro to TDD Tutorial (2:00 - 4:00)

Work on this tutorial. Mike will be on hand to answer any questions you have.
