---
title: 20150528
layout: outline
---

Today In History: 2014 - The anniversary of the death of Maya Angelou

## All

### WarmUp (8:30 - 9:00)

Complete this following logic problem.

[http://cl.ly/2Z3L2f0Z0o1D](http://cl.ly/2Z3L2f0Z0o1D)

Post your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name to receive 25 points. Cut-off is 9:00 am.
(So I can copy and paste when awarding points. Please capitalize. It makes my life easier.)


## 1412

### Code Challenge (9:00 - 12:00)

No tears, only code.

### Code Review (1:00 - 4:00)

Let's see what you've done this morning.


## 1502

### Sending Email (9:00 - 10:30)

Learn how to send email with your Rails app with Sam. Classroom B.

### Seeding Data Efficiently (10:30 - 12:00)

Now that you know how to send email, you'll learn from Sam how to seed your database in a way that doesn't make you curl up into the fetal position.

Data is good.

Still Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work on them projects. Help each other. Help yourselves.


## 1503

### Traffic Spy Q&A  (9:00 - 10:00)

You've had time to let things sink in. Now Josh will answer any questions you have before you get set off into the wide world. 
Maybe he won't answer any question, but he'll answer any question you have about Traffic Spy. Classroom C.
 
### Project Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Finish this project, and you can get a job at the NSA.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue to spy on that traffic.


## 1505

### Pairing On Cryptographer (9:00 - 11:00)

We're gonna turn you into little code breakers. Join Mike as he talks about his first learning experience with cryptography.

[Deets](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/cryptographer.markdown)

Classroom A.

Pairs: 

* Nicole Hall & Adam Caron
* Rachel Parri & Tracy Contreras
* Samson Brock & David Stinnette
* Mitch Ashby & Marla Brizel
* Mike Reeves & Lovisa Svallingson
* Justin Pease & Jason Wright
* Jerrod Paul Junker & Justin Holzmann
* Drew Conly & Rebekah Sosa
* Alex Tideman & Jai Misra
* Sebastian Abondano & David Shim
* Max Millington & Michael Dorrance

### Week 2 Diagnostic (11:00 - 12:00)

Sharpen those pencils, folks. Classroom A.

### Introduction to Bubble Sort (1:00 - 2:00)
"The bubble sort seems to have nothing to recommend it, except a catchy name and the fact that it leads to some interesting theoretical problems" — Donald Knuth.

Join Jeff in Classroom A in to discuss the finer points of the bubble sort.

If you ask nicely, maybe he'll [dance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyZQPjUT5B4) for you.

### Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Get stuff done! Mike will be available for questions.