---
title: 20150520
layout: outline
---

## All

Today in History, Amelia Earhart takes off to start the world's first solo nonstop flight across the Atlantic Ocean by a female pilot.

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

In today's edition of the Warm Up, you'll be doing a logic problem as a change of place.
THIRTY Posse Points for a successful completion. Remember to post it in #warmup-answers with your posse name. No name, no points!

[Clicky Click](http://cl.ly/3W390s2H2H0m)

### Recitation - Strings, Integers and Control Flow (4:15 - 5:30ish)

During the week, Mike will be reteaching a Module 1 class that occurred the day before after wrap-up.
This will give students a second exposure to material, and possibly go further in depth in the topic. 
Students from ALL COHORTS are welcome to attend to keep those Ruby skills sharp. 

Classroom A after Wrap-Up.

## 1412

### Seeding a Large Dataset (9:00 - 10:00)

Small amounts of data is for chumps. Get ye to Classroom A where Horace takes you on a magic carpet ride.

[Related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sB7_w9fCvA)

### Arel and Advanced ActiveRecord (10:00 - 12:00)

Horace is going to show you how to bend ActiveRecord to your will in Classroom A.

### Ideabox Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Feel free to beatbox to yourself quietly as you ideabox.


## 1502

### JavaScript in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

Step 1: Something something Turbolinks.

Step 2: Semicolons.

Step 3: Profit.

Get ready for Sam Time in Classroom B.

### Testing in JavaScript (10:30 - 12:00)

Continue with Sam in Classroom B as you learn to put a test on it.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You should be almost done with your Pivot at this point. 


## 1503

### CRUD Homework Reviewed (9:00 - 9:30)

Rachel will be going over the homework you did in Classroom C.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (9:30 - 12:00)

Stick with Rachel in Classroom C as you learn how to start model testing in Sinatra. 

### Nokogiri (1:00 - 1:30)

[Nokogiri](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_saw) is a kind of Japanese saw. See how it applies to programming with Rachel in Classroom C.

### Acceptance Testing with Capybara (1:30 - 4:00)

A [Capybara](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capybara) is the largest rodent in the world. You'll learn how to do some acceptance testing in it. This is how you 
make sure that what you're building is actually what you set out to build.

Rachel. Clasroom C. You know the routine.


## 1505

### Arrays and Hashes (9:00 - 11:00)

Why are arrays and hashes important? Because you never stop using them. Ever. Jeff and Mike show you your first data structures in the Big Workspace.
[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/arrays_and_hashes.markdown)

### Exploring Arrays and Hashes (11:00 - 11:00)

Mike will stick around in the Big Workspace to work with you on [collections](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/collections.markdown)

### How Testing Works (1:00 - 3:00)

Testing is so important, and here's your first class on it. Learn how it works with Josh and Mike in Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_testing_works.markdown)

### Deaf Grandma (1:00 - 3:00)

It's all about the [Deaf Grandma](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/deaf_grandma.markdown) Mike will be in Classroom A.

You will be working in the following pairs:

* David Shim & Adam Caron
* Alex Tideman & Michael Dorrance
* Rachel Parri & Samson Brock
* Drew Conly & Sebastian Abondano
* Jai Misra & Jason Wright
* Lovisa Svallingson & Jerrod Paul Junker
* Tracy Contreras & Justin Pease
* Rebekah Sosa & Mike Reeves
* Nicole Hall & Max Millington
* Mitch Ashby & David Stinnette
* Justin Holzmann & Marla Brizel
