---
title: 20150720
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1969, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to walk on the Moon.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.

What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?

Five points by pasting your working solution into #warmup-answers by 9:00am.

## 1502

### Game Time Kickoff (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Steve in Classroom A to talk about your next project: [Game Time][].

You'll be working in the following pairs (and one triplet):

* Minnie Lee & Patrick Medaugh
* Thomas Leskin & Michelle Golle
* Tess Griffin & Eric Dowty
* David Daniel & Tracy Caruso
* Kyle Henson & Mihir Parikh
* Lori Culberson & Fred Block
* Andrew Carmer & Kristina Brown & Kenny Chen

[Game Time]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/gametime_project.markdown

### JavaScript Build Tools (9:30 - 10:45)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom A to talk about setting up a client-side application.

Follow along with [this lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/javascript-build-tools.markdown).

We'll cover the following topics:

* How requiring files works in Node.js (e.g. `exports` and `module.exports`)
* npm and the `package.json` file
* Custom npm build script
* Creating your own asset pipeline with [Webpack][]
* Hooking up a test suite

[Webpack](http://webpack.github.io)

Below are some resources that we'll be referencing during the lesson.

* [Webpack][]
* [Steve's Game Time Starter Kit](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/game-time-starter-kit)
* [package.json: an interactive guide][package]

[package]: http://browsenpm.org/package.json

### Structuring a Client-Side Application (10:30 - 12:00)

Steve's golden rules for building a client-side application:

* Build all of your data structures are far away from the DOM as you possibly can
* Allow your data structures to render themselves onto the page
* Events are your friend

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

It's game time. (*Nota bene*: Steve is out this afternoon.)

## 1503

### Getting Started with OAuth (9:00 - 11:00)

Hello. Is it Jorge you're looking for? Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/getting_started_with_oauth.markdown)

### JSON Fundamentals (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/json_fundementals.markdown)

### Feed Engine Kick Off (1:00 - 2:30)

Groups TBA.


## 1505

### Traffic Spy Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

*With Rachel*

* 9:00 - 9:45: Marla, Lovisa, Mike
* 9:50 - 10:35: Mitch, David, Jason

*With Josh*

* 9:00 - 9:45: Adam, Alex, Michael, Samson
* 9:50 - 10:35: Sebastian, Drew, Max, Jai


### REST, Controllers, and Routing in Rails (1:00 - 4:00)

Join Rachel as she teaches you all of Rails. In Classroom C.


## 1507

### Echo: Binary Search Tree Evaluations (9:00 - 11:00)

*With Jeff* 

* 9:00 - Matt Hecker
* 9:10 - Russell Harms
* 9:20 - Alon Waisman
* 9:30 - Matt Ewell

*With Mike*

* 9:00 - George Hudson
* 9:00 - Jerrod Paul Junker
* 9:20 - Justin Holzmann
* 9:30 - Ryan Asensio 

During the time you are not being evaluated, you will be...

### Echo: Robots, Robots, Robots (9:00 - 11:00)

You'll be code retreaing with [Robots](https://github.com/turingschool/code_retreat/tree/master/robot)

Work in the following pairs:

* Matt Hecker & George Hudson
* Russell Harms & Jerrod Paul Junker
* Alon Waisman & Justin Holzmann
* Matt Ewell & Ryan Asensio

Work for 30 minutes with Constraint A. Stop, delete all of your code, and then start over with Constraint B. And so on.

### Echo: Robots in Review: (11:30 - 12:00)

Review Robots with Mike. Classroom A Conference Table.

### Foxtrot: Chisel Final Touches (9:00 - 11:00)

Put the final touches on your Chisel.

### Foxtrot: Intro to Linked Lists (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C with Jeff.

### All: Starting Enigma and Linked Lists (1:00 - 3:30)

Work on Enigma and Linked Lists, respectively.

### Chisel Evaluations (1:00 - 3:30)

*With Jeff* 

* 1:00 - Nicole Hall
* 1:10 - Bret Doucette
* 1:20 - Mary Beth Burch
* 1:30 - Tyler Komoroske
* 1:40 - Rachel Parri
* 1:50 - Jeff Ruane
* 2:00 - Alexander Naistadt
* 2:10 - Justin Pease
* 2:20 - Regis Boudinot


*With Mike*

* 1:00 - Mimi Schatz
* 1:10 - Rose Kohn
* 1:20 - Jeff Ruane
* 1:30 - Chad Minnerath
* 1:40 - David Stinette
* 1:50 - Adam Jensen
* 2:00 - Christ Cenatiempo
* 2:10 - Michael Wong
* 2:20 - Rebekah Sosa
* 2:30 - Travis Haby

### Echo: Enigma Q & A (3:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A Conference Table with Jeff.

### Foxtrot: Chisel Postmortem (3:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A with Mike.


