---
title: 20150112
layout: outline
---

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 8:50)

Today's date is January 12, 2015. If we formatted the date as `YYYYMMDD`, it would be 20150112.

If we added up all of the digits in the data, we'd get 11.

1. What if we added together all of the days in 2015? What value would we get?
2. What if we only added together all of the Fridays in 2015?
3. What's the highest value day of the week?

Tests or it didn't happen.

### Posse Time (3:00 - 4:00)

From 3:00 - 3:15, handle your normal posse business (e.g. updating mentors, schedule intra-posse pairing, etc.).

1407 is beginning work on their final projects, which are targeted at the Turing the community.

In order to make the best possible applications, they need your feedback. If your posse does not have a 1407 member, please seek out someone from 1407.

* [Skill Inventory](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/skill-inventory)
* [Jobs](https://github.com/turingschool-projects/jobs)

Please open issues or add to the wiki if you have any feature requests or ideas.

### The Daily Iteration (9:00 - 11:00)

Ben will be running a series of workshops each morning this week. Steve has named it the Daily Iteration without consulting him.

## 1407

### General Notes

By 6:00 today, you should have the following done:

* Add a comment to [this gist](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/b0dd7497107aefc4dc1a). (Slack mangled the previous version. My apologies.)
* Wireframes and initial user stories should be added to the wiki and issues respectively. You should have access to the repositories. Let Steve know if there are any issues.

### Refactoring Good Tipper (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom C to add some additional functionality to [Good Tipper](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/good-tipper).

* [Lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/refactoring_good_tipper.md)

### MVC in Ember (10:00 - 12:00)

Stick around with Steve in Classroom C to talk about MVC in Ember and how it differs from Rails.

We'll be building a clone of the iOS/OS X notes application, called [Bartleby](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/bartleby).

* [Lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/mvc_in_ember.markdown)

### Technical Interviewing (1:00 - 3:00)

Jeff's home on quarantine today, so this session will happen through
a Google Hangout. Please use an external mic/headphones, not the ones
built into your laptop. The hangout link will be in your Slack channel about 12:50.

## 1409

### Handling Errors and Failure (9:00 - 10:30)

Meet up with Jorge in the Big Workspace to discuss failure.

### Getting Started with OAuth (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Horace in the Big Workspace to discuss Oauth.

## 1410

### Database Schema Design (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom B to talk about setting up a database schema to solve a given problem.

### Authentication (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet with Rachel in Classroom C to talk about authentication in Rails.

## 1412

### Chisel += Features (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Josh in Classroom A to add some features to your Markdown processors.

### Ruby in Ruby (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Horace in Classroom B to talk about implementing Ruby in—umm—Ruby.

We'll be discussing some of our solutions in these small groups:

* Trey Tomlinson, Charles Valentino Espinoza, Jeffrey Gu
* Markus Olsen, David E Maurer, Stanley Siudzinski
* Edward McCarthy, Lori Culberson, DJ Greenfield
* Austin Wood, Kyra Weber, Kyle Henson
* Fred Block, Juan Manuel Navarro, Paul Grever
* Miriam Moser, Teresa Finn, Jack Yeh
