---
title: 20150706
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1834, the Spanish Inquisition was disbanded. That was unexpected.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

There are 5 houses in 5 different colors. In each house lives a person of a different nationality. The 5 owners drink a certain type of beverage, smoke a certain brand of cigar, and keep a certain pet. Using the clues below can you determine who owns the fish?

* The Brit lives in a red house.
* The Swede keeps dogs as pets.
* The Dane drinks tea.
* The green house is on the immediate left of the white house.
* The green house owner drinks coffee.
* The person who smokes Pall Mall rears birds.
* The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill.
* The man living in the house right in the middle drinks milk.
* The Norwegian lives in the first house.
* The man who smokes Blend lives next door to the one who keeps cats.
* The man who keeps horses lives next door to the man who smokes Dunhill.
* The owner who smokes Blue Master drinks chocolate.
* The German smokes Prince.
* The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
* The man who smokes Blend has a neighbor who drinks water.


## 1502

### IdeaBox 2.0 Recap and Refactor (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve as you talk about IdeaBox and look at how you can refactor it.

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work on Upping your Scales.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue on your projects.


## 1503

### Project Work Time: ALL DAY.

All day, erry day. Well not EVERY day, but you get the point.


## 1505 

### Traffic Spy Q and A (9:00 - 10:00)

All of your questions about Traffic Spy, answered by Josh.

### Project Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Josh will be available for questions.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Josh will still be available for questions.


## 1507

### Echo: Robodoku Evaluations (9:00 - 10:30)

Schedule TBA.

### Foxtrot: String Riddles (9:00 - 10:30)

### Foxtrot: Fibber Recap and Chisel Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

### All: Debugging Techniques (1:00 - 2:30)

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (2:30 - 4:00)



