---
title: 20150610
layout: outline
---

Today in History: The Apple II goes on sale in 1977.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Given a hex-color input, like #F6336A, figure out the dominant resulting color, like "red" here. Implementing "red", "green", and "blue" should be easy-ish, but can you handle variations like "purple" (high blue + red)?

Post your solution in #warmup-answers


## 1412

### Code Challenge (9:00 - 4:00)

Code like the wind.


## 1502

### Handling Errors and Failure (9:00 - 10:30)

In your apps, not your personal life.  With Sam in Classroom B.

### Understanding the Asset Pipeline (10:30 - 12:00)

It's this thing. Horace will be explaining it to you. It involves stuff. Stay in Classroom B.


## 1503

### Routing in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Josh in Classroom C to learn all about routing in Rails.

### Authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

Keep users out of admin parts of your app with Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/authorization.markdown).

### Mid Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Rachel

* 1:00 Margarett Ly
* 1:45 Whitney Hiemstra
* 2:30 Justin Holmes
* 3:15 Drew Reynolds

#### With Josh

* 1:00 Erik Butcher
* 1:45 Lev Kravinsky
* 2:30 Morgan Miller
* 3:15 Josh Cass

### Work Time: Authentication in my Jams (1:00 - 4:00)

You got your jams in my authentication!


## 1505

### Ruby Object Model Part I: (9:00 - 12:00)

Some people memorize the patterns that others teach them.
Join Josh Cheek in Classroom A to learn the small set of Rules underlying the Rubiverse.

[Take the red pill](https://s3.amazonaws.com/josh.cheek/images/scratch/ruby-object-model-matrix.png)


### Work Time and Instructor Pairing Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Mike will be available for questions. Go pair with instructors if you are assigned to do so.

Chisel away!

The schedule/pairings below are considered "rough draft" until 9AM on Wednesday.

#### 10:30 - 12:00

* Mike Reeves & Josh Mejia
* Rebekah Sosa & DJ Greenspan
* Marla Brizel & Jeff
* Justin Holzmann & Sam

#### 4:00 - 5:30

* Adam Caron & Dustin Gault
* Rachel Parri & Jack Yeh
* David Shim & Rolen Le
* Max Millington & Sean Griffin
* Jerrod Junker & Adam Smith
