---
title: 20150604
layout: outline
---


## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

You are in a room with 100 light switches in a line along the wall.  
They all start in the OFF position.  
 
When you first enter the room, you walk down the line of all 100 switches
and change each one to the ON position.  
 
Then you start from the beginning again, this time changing
the position of every second switch (e.g. #2, #4, #6...).  
If it was ON, now it is OFF and if it was OFF, now it is ON.
 
Then you start from the beginning again and change every THIRD switch (e.g. #3, #6, #9…)...

...then again for every FOURTH switch (e.g. #4, #8, #12…) ...

...then again for every FIFTH switch...

...and so on until you've made 100 trips.
 
Write a program that identifies which switches will be in the ON position after this is completed.

Post your solution in #warmup-answers by 9:00 AM with your full posse name. 
The most interesting/creative/obfuscated solutions will receive an arbitrary number of points.

### Recitation - None 

You just finished Enigma. Take a break. You deserve it. 


## 1412

### Introduction to Ember II (9:00 - 12:00)

Ooooh and Ahhhh with Steve as you learn more about Ember. Classroom A.

### Game Time Work Time and Check-Ins. (1:00 - 4:00)

* 1:00 - Kit Pearson & Paul Grever
* 1:30 - Austin Wood & Edward McCarthy
* 2:00 - Markus Olsen & Kyra Steenbock
* 2:30 - Miriam Moser & DJ Greenfield
* 3:00 - Rich Shea & Trey Tomlinson
* 3:30 - Charles Valentino Espinoza & Dustin Gault & Jeffrey Gu


## 1502

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Work time.

### Project Work Time and Check-Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Client Check-In with Jorge

* 1:00 - Eric Dowty, Patrick Medaugh, Thomas Leskin
* 1:30 - Kristina Brown, Kenny ChenLori Culberson
* 2:00 - Mihir Parikh, Jack Yeh, Tess Griffin
* 2:30 - Minnie Lee, Tracy Caruso, Kyle Henson
* 3:00 - Andrew Carmer, Michelle Golle, David Daniel

Technical Check-In with Sam
* 1:30 - Eric Dowty, Patrick Medaugh, Thomas Leskin
* 2:00 - Kristina Brown, Kenny ChenLori Culberson
* 2:30 - Mihir Parikh, Jack Yeh, Tess Griffin
* 3:00 - Minnie Lee, Tracy Caruso, Kyle Henson
* 3:30 - Andrew Carmer, Michelle Golle, David Daniel


## 1503

### Blogger Recap (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Josh as you review the Blogger tutorial. Classroom C.

### Review: Feature Testing in Rails (9:30 - 10:30)

Stay with Josh as you go over how to write feature tests in Rails.

### Model Testing, Custom and Built-In Validations (10:30 - 12:00)

Rachel will talk to you all about models - how to test them and how to perfor model validations. Classroom C.

### Model Testing and Validations Work Time.(1:00 - 3:00)

Work on validating that data. 

### Contact Manager Kickoff and Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

You'll now be moving onto your next Rails tutorial. Make sure you thank Josh, because
he rewrote a large portion of this tutorial so that it actually works now. You don't even
want to know what it was like before. Seriously. Classroom C.


## 1505

### Enigma Q & A (9:00 - 10:00)

Ask Mike your last minute questions in Classroom B. 

### Enigma Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Your final push.

### Enigma Early Bird Evaluations (11:00 - 12:00)

#### With Josh Cheek
* 11:00 - Mitch Ashby 
* 11:20 - Jason Wright

#### With Mike
* 11:00 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 11:20 - Sam Brock
* 11:40 - Alex Tideman 

#### With Jeff
* 11:40 - Justin Holzmann

### Enigma Evaluations (1:00 - 3:00)

#### With Josh Cheek
* 1:00 - Marla Brizel
* 1:20 - Mike Reeves
* 1:40 - David Shim
* 2:00 - David Stinnette
* 2:20 - Drew Conly

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Sebastian Abondano
* 1:20 - Max Millington
* 1:40 - Adam Caron
* 2:00 - Michael Dorrance
* 2:20 - Jerrod Paul Junker 

#### With Jeff
* 1:00 - Justin Pease
* 1:20 - Rebekah Sosa
* 1:40 - Rachel Parri
* 2:00 - Jai Misra

### Week 3 Diagnostic (1:00 - 3:00)

While you are not being evaluated, you will be doing this week's diagnostic in Classroom A.

### Enigma Evaluations (1:00 - 3:00)

Schedule TBA


