---
title: 20150602
layout: outline
---

Today in History: 2004: Ken Jennings begins his 74 win streak on Jeopardy!

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Imagine you have eight developers (Alex, Bernadette, Charles, Dana, Eddie, Fernanda, Gus, and Hiro). They want to pair program together every day, but they don't like to repeat pairs.

Write an algorithm to generate a daily schedule which has seven full days of pairing schedules without a single repeated pair.

Post your solution in #warmup-answers by 9:00 AM with your full posse name. 
The most interesting/creative/obfuscated solutions will receive an arbitrary number of points.

### Recitation - Methods, Arguments and Scopes (4:20 - 5:30)

Classroom A

## 1412

### JavaScript Build Tools; (9:00 - 10:30)

Steve will teach you how to artisinally craft some sweet code. Classroom A.

### Using ES6 in Rails (10:30 - 12:00)

Perhaps you should watch this before you attend class.  PERHAPS. Classroom A.

[Using JavaScript From The Future In Your Rails App Today](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ayj1kgQNhAg)

### Game Time Work Time and Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA


## 1502

### Consuming APIs (9:00 - 12:00)

You've learned how to build APIs, now learn how to consume them. DELICIOUS. Classroom B.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work time.


## 1503

### Migrations, Databases, Relationships, and Models (9:00 - 12:00)

Learn about some of the things that makes Rails, Rails with Rachel. Classroom C.

### Rails Basics Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work in small groups.

Groups TBA.


## 1505

### Character Count (9:00 - 10:30)

Counting some characters in the Big Workspace with Mike

### Enigma Kickoff (10:30 - 12:00)

Let's kickoff Enigma and brainstorm how to get started with Jeff in the Big Workspace.


### File I/O (1:00 - 2:30)

Learn how to read and write files in Ruby with Jeff. Classroom A.

### Enigma Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Get back to work!



