---
title: 20150424
layout: outline
---

## All

### Surveys and Breakfast (8:30 - 9:00)

* [1410](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1YSeu9ucvRz_2VDNJfUPOO19IJqUr1Zzd_cIlL7Ip6ic/viewform)
* [1412](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/124zMYKhHVyN9r6t3WYN0iwMk4y4vYuoYxugIMb3jJCo/viewform)
* [1502](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1nAcGut11_7dr9wLt4vH2_uWKXmhR8WEprl-gjrhwhD4/viewform)
* [1503](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/19tCNqWEXyfI-zwX9slC593D43OYQfFA2dhT0KeWFyuM/viewform)

### Lightning Talks (9:00 - 10:00)

Gather in the Big Workspace at 9am sharp!

* Brandon Mrsny: Service Oriented Architecture! What is it?
* DJ Greenfield: Online Advertising is F*cky
* Kyle Henson: Who is Jim Weirich?
* Tino Espinoza: The Sisterhood of the Traveling Genetic Algorithm
* Patrick Medaugh: Logical Fallacies or How Not to Sell a Vacuum
* Eric Dowty: Nuclear Weapons -- They're the Bomb.
* Krista Nelson: Data Structures and Algorithms for Ruby Newbies
* Trey Tomlinson: The Boy Who Pry'ed Wolf
* Lydia Shafer: Languages -- How to remember them.

### Self-Study and Student-Led Sessions (10:00 - 12:00)

Use this time to either join a session below or do some self-study (build a side-project, learn a new language, read a book from Turing's "library", watch a video tutorial, etc).

* Austin will lead a session on how to test OmniAuth in Classroom A.
* Bhargavi will lead a session on how of make a Ruby gem in Classroom B.
* Rich will lead a session on Arrays near the couches of Classroom A.
* Tracy will lead a session to build an interface for a My Jams app from start to finish. We will start by designing the application in [Affinity Photo](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/beta-download/), and then build out the HTML and CSS using [Skeleton](http://getskeleton.com/). Find her in Classroom C.
* Krista will lead a white boarding practice session tomorrow in the big workspace.

* DM Mike to grab a pairing session.

### One-on-Ones (10:00 - 12:00)

#### With Josh Cheek

* 10:00: Kenny Chen
* 10:20: Kristina Brown
* 10:40: Eugene Khanutin

#### With Jorge

* 10:00: Miriam Moser
* 10:20: Kyra Steenbock
* 10:40: Jeffrey Gu
* 11:00: Paul Grever

#### With Rachel

* 10:00: Andrew Carmer
* 10:20: David Daniel
* 10:40: Eric Dowty

#### With Jeff

* 10:00: Alex Robinson
* 10:20: Krista A Nelson
* 10:40: Justin Holmes
* 11:00: Morgan Miller

#### With Sam

* 10:00: Rick Bacci
* 10:20: Sally MacNicholas
* 10:40: Vanessa Gomez
* 11:00: Andrew Fink

#### With Horace

* 10:00: Bhargavi Satpathy
* 10:20: Brandon Mrsny
* 10:40: Bryce Holcomb
* 11:00: Dave Mauer

#### With Raissa

* 10:00: Chris Luhring
* 10:20: Markus Olsen
* 10:40: Dustin Gault

#### With Daisha

* 10:00: Emily Berkeley
* 10:20: Jeffrey Wan
* 10:40: Brett Grigsby
* 11:00: Max Tedford

### Group Retrospectives (1:00 - 1:30)

* 1410 in Classroom C with Horace.
* 1412 in the Big Workspace with Jorge.
* 1502 in Classroom B with Rachel.
* 1503 in Classroom A with Josh C. and Jeff.

### Guest: Rachel Cope from thoughtbot (1:30 - 2:30)

From Rachel's [personal site](http://rachelcope.io/):

*I am a UX and product designer at thoughtbot in Denver who loves human psychology (typical “INFJ”), beauty, and rendering the abstract concrete. Prior to thoughtbot, I did freelance interactive design, co-founded a web startup to combat child malnutrition, and spent 2 years teaching in Guatemala. I’m inspired by the mountains, stimulating conversation, delicious food, and spending time with good friends and family. Currently on my playlist: Mozart, The Kinks, Andrew Bird, Gregorian Chants, Lorde. Currently reading: "Human Centered Design" by IDEO and "On Looking" by Alexandra Horowitz"*

Find Rachel on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/rachelcope)

### Electives (2:30 - 4:00)

#### PHP with Jorge

Yes, you read it right. Let's understand all those jokes that cool Ruby kids tell by learning PHP, the language from hell. We'll work through the [Codecademy](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/php) PHP track. (Don't tell your mom.)

#### Play and Explore

Meet with Josh C. in Classroom A.
What kind of a world do we want to live in?
Lets storm the gates of heaven and be our own gods.

#### NodeJS with Sam

Meet with Sam to explore [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/).

#### Side Hustles

Working on an awesome side project and need some accountability? Want to work on a side project, but need some inspiration? Interested in open source, but not sure where to start?

* We'll share some details about the status of our projects from last week
* We'll pair and write some code

Meet near the large kitchen table. Steve will be with you in spirit.

#### Team Draper

Meet with Mike Dao.

Draper is a gem that adds an object-oriented layer of presentation logic to your rails application. This afternoon will be an introductory session to the Draper gem. We'll be watching a video from Draper's creator on why we should blow up your views. (In a good way.)

This will be good for 1410 and 1412.

#### Client Work with Rachel

We'll continue building out the Leaders In Training app. This elective is limited to students who have previously attended.

#### Ruby Metaprogramming with Horace

Ruby is a dynamic and flexible language out of the gate, but when you account for all of its metaprogramming capabilities, things really start to get interesting. Let's look at some of these features and see how ruby allows us to write code that writes code.

