---
title: 20160302
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* natter - verb - to talk incessantly


## 1508

### WebSocket Workshop (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Meeka is Classroom C.

This morning, you'll be working through [a guided implementation of a small WebSocket application][ww] that should look eerily familiar.

[ww]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/websockets_workshop.markdown

### Real Time Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Steve

 * 1:00: Aaron Careaga
 * 1:20: Robbie Lane
 * 1:40: Jason Pilz
 * 2:20: Michael Wong
 * 2:40: Ross Edfort
 * 3:00: Sekhar Paladugu
 * 3:20: Jessica Goulding

#### With Meeka

 * 1:00: Jill Donohue
 * 1:20: Pat Wey
 * 1:40: Matt Stjernholm
 * 2:20: Jhun de Andres
 * 2:40: Torie Warren
 * 3:00: Tyler Komoroske

#### With Jorge

* 1:00: Matt Rooney
* 1:20: Adam Jensen
* 1:40: Marlo Major
* 2:20: Ryan Johnson



## 1510

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 4:00)

ALL DAY

If you listen to [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzLZJaAm2hw) while
you code, it'll feel 100 percent more epic. Promise.


## 1511

### Intro to Heroku and the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/intro_to_the_asset_pipeline.markdown). 

* David Whitaker & Alexis Navarrete & Brennan Holtzclaw
* Nicholas Dorans & Heidi Hoopes
* Julian Feliciano & Admir Draganovic
* Kimiko Kano & Charles Ellison
* Allan Blair & July Tran
* Chelsea Johnson & Nate Venn
* Adam Hundley & Nick Weiland
* Erinna Chen & Brian Rippeto
* Scott Firestone & Adrienne Domingus

### Little Shop Work Time (10:30 - 4:00)

See the link for 1510.


## 1602

### The Performance of Code (9:00 - 10:30)

In which you learn how to be more awesome.

### Refactoring in Pairs (10:30 - 12:00)

In which you learn how to be more awesome with someone else.

Gather with the partner listed below. Each group should spend the hour
working on the project of the person on the __RIGHT__.

Spend your time refactoring with a focus on improving the testability of
the code in question. As you go spend time improving test coverage where needed.

* Jonathan Liss       & Jeneve Parrish
* Ling Tran           & Colin Osborn
* Deborah Hamel       & Andrew Thompson
* Jennifer Soden      & Joshua Washke
* Kris Foss           & Ashwin Rao
* Claudia Kiesenhofer & Sal Espinosa
* Jonathan Bernesser  & Patrick Hardy
* Marina Corona       & Thom Pickett
* Mark Miranda        & Kami Boers

* Alireza Andersen
* Matt Pindell        & Matt DesMarteau
* Jared Roth          & Christopher Soden

### Project Q & A (1:00 - 2:00)

You have questions. Mike has answers. Or at least wise ruminations on the
nature of code.

"Wise."

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

Work.
