---
title: 20160603
layout: outline
---
## All

**fard** - _verb_ - to apply cosmetics to the face

### Guest Speaker - Jay Zeschin (9:00 - 10:00)

The ever wonderful Jay Zeschin will be talking to us about the differences
between working at a consultancy and a product company, and his background
moving from a career consultant to a founder running an engineering team at a
startup.

Seasoned application developer and technical architect, with extensive
experience in building and scaling web applications (especially in the
marketing space) and a passion for Agile/XP practices. Jay is the Chief
Architect and Co-Founder of Ello, Inc. and Director at ModeSet.

* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jay-zeschin-4009055)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jayzes)
* [Website](http://unstuck.zeschin.org/)

## 1511

### API Best Practices (10:00 - 11:00)

Classroom B!

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/api_best_practices.markdown)

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (11:30 - 12:00)

11:30: July Tran
11:45: Brian Rippeto

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

GO TILL WE'RE DONE!

* Allan Blair
* Erinna Chen
* Nick Weiland
* Julian Feliciano
* Taylor Moore
* Heidi Hoopes
* Kimiko Kano
* Adrienne Domingus
* Nicholas Dorans
* Brennan Holtzclaw
* Scott Firestone
* Chelsea Johnson
* David Whitaker
* Nate Venn

## 1602

### RalesEngine Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Nate
  - 9:00: Drew Thompson
  - 9:20: Ali Andersen
  - 9:40: Jared Roth
  - 10:00: Jon Bernesser
  - 10:20: Marina Corona
  - 10:40: Thom Pickett
  - 11:00: Claudia Keisenhofer
  - 11:20: Ling Tran

#### With Josh
  - 9:00: Matt Pindell
  - 9:20: Josh Washke
  - 9:40: Ashwin Rao
  - 10:00: Kris Foss
  - 10:20: Sal Espinosa
  - 10:40: Sunny Khalsa
  - 11:00: Hedy Woo
  - 11:20: Mark Miranda

#### With Brenna
  - 9:00: Chad Ellison
  - 9:20: Jeneve Parrish
  - 9:40: Alex Navarrete
  - 10:00: Kami Boers
  - 10:20: Jon Liss
  - 10:40: Admir Draganovic
  - 11:00: Patrick Hardy

### Self Directed Projects Introduction (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom B.

### Self Directed Projects Ideation and Prep (2:00 - 4:00)

Classroom B.


## 1603

### Git Workflow (10:00 - 11:00)

Head over to classroom c with Andrew to learn about [Git Workflow](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/revisiting-git-workflows-module-2.markdown)!


### Advanced Routing  with Casey(11:00 - 12:00)

Still in the C. This time Casey will go over [Advanced Routing in Rails](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/routing_in_rails.markdown).

### Fancy Relationships (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet Jeff in the Classroom C to go over your fancy relationship homework!

### Rails Mini Project Work time (2:00 - 4:00)

Work away!

## 1605

### HTTP Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

While you are not being evaluated, work on your homework for this weekend,
[Event Manager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html)

You project for the final 2 weeks will deal extensively with CSV files and
data processing. EventManager will introduce and give you practice with these
concepts.

#### With Mike
* 9:00 - Angela & Yoseph
* 9:30 - Caleb & Tommasina
* 10:00 - Trent & Lane
* 10:30 - Sonia & Matt
* 11:00 - Roberta & Ryan

#### With Rachel
* 9:00 - Jason & Patrick
* 9:30 - Luigi & David
* 10:00 - Garrett & Kris
* 10:30 - Ben & Zach
* 11:00 - Chris & Nicole

### CODE THROWDOWN (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet in Classroom A.

First up, [Flatten](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/flatten.markdown)


Next up, get some file reading practice in. [College Scorecard](https://github.com/turingschool/posse_challenges/tree/master/college_scorecard)

Pairs:

* Nate Anderson, Josh Cohen
* Nicole Marino, Tommasina
* Zack Forbing, Pat Wentz
* David Tinianow, Angela Lindow
* Yoseph Anderson, Chris Concannon
* Ben Pepper, Kris Sparks
* Caleb Cowen, Sonia Gupta
* Ryan Flach, Matthew Campbell
* Jason Hanna, Lane Winham
* Roberta Doyle, Trent Whitinger
* Luigi Aversano, Brandon Randall

