---
title: 20160406
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day
* cloy - verb - to weary by excess, especially of sweetness, richness,
pleasure, etc.


## 1510

### How Front-End Frameworks Work (9:00 - 10:00)

Meet with Steve in The Big Workspace to talk about what front-end frameworks are, why they exist, and how they work.

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/how_javascript_frontends_work.markdown)

### React in Theory (10:00 - 10:30)

Stick around in The Big Workspace as Steve goes into a little more depth on how React works in particular and well as some of the important concepts that back it up.

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/react_in_theory.markdown)

### React in Practice (10:30 - 12:00)

With all that theory in place, let's build a simple version of Ideabox together.

To get started, clone down this [React Starter Kit][rsk] and check out the `ideabox-starter` branch.

(You can also view the completed example [here][ic].)

[rsk]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/react-starter-kit
[ic]: https://github.com/turingschool-examples/react-starter-kit/tree/completed-ideabox-example

### Game Time Peer Review (1:00 - 2:00)

Please spend 30 minutes on each project doing a through code review.

- Open issues on your partner teams's code base either asking questions about an approach or suggesting an alternative approach
- Open pull requests to fix bugs in your partner teams's code base.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

- Steve 'Dad' Pentler and Beth Sebian
- Edgar Duran and Aaron Greenspan
- Greg Armstrong and David Stinnette
- Jordan Lawler and Toni Rib
- Joseph Perry and Hector Huertas Baeza
- Brant Wellman and Brenna Martenson
- John 'Uncle' Slota and Shannon Paige
- Steve Olson and Jamie Crockett && Justin
- Marlo Major and Beth Secor
- Penney Garrett and Dan Winter

### Project Work time and Instructor Pairing (2:00 - 4:00)

- Tess and Meeka are available from 2:00 - 4:00.
- Steve is available from 3:00 - 4:00.

## 1511

### Testing an External API (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/testing_against_third_party_apis.md)

### Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

## 1602

### Form and Route Helpers in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B. We'll use [this](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/forms_and_route_helpers_in_rails.markdown) lesson plan today. This is a code along and we will continue to work on this repository for a few days in a few different lessons.

### Jobs Q & A (1:00 - 1:30)

Jeff is going to join you in Classroom B to give you the mini
version of the Jobs Talk.

Yes, he still works here.

No, he doesn't love you like I do.

### Blogger Kick Off and Work Time. (1:30 - 4:00)

Stay in Classroom B.

### One on Ones (1:30 - 4:00)

Yes, they are every twelve minutes.

With Andrew:

* 1:30 Mark Miranda
* 1:42 Andrew Thompson
* 1:56 Joshua Washke
* 1:08 Jared Roth
* 2:20 Kris Foss
* 2:32 Kami Boers
* 2:44 Hedy Woo
* 2:56 Christopher Soden
* 3:08 Patrick Hardy
* 3:20 Alireza Andersen
* 3:32 Sal Espinosa

One-on-Ones with Rachel will be tomorrow

## 1603

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (9:00 - 12:00)

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/stacks_methods_and_program_flow.markdown)

[Video from Last Time](https://vimeo.com/155902102)

Classroom A.
