---
title: 20160111
layout: outline
---

## All

* cineaste - noun - any person, especially a director or producer,
associated professionally with filmmaking.

### Staff Cleanup

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1507

### Thoughtbox (9:00 - 4:00)

This morning you'll be working though a simulated version of the assessment
called [Thoughtbox](https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/82831c5b25029415ce8b).
Steve, Meeka, and Lovisa being doing code review later in the week. That said,
you should aim to have it finished no later than 4pm.


## 1508

### Working with AJAX (9:00 - 12:00)

Come prepared to tengo with Tess and some JavaScript in Classroom B. Andrew will get you started with, but Tess will take care of the heavy lifting in today's into to AJAX class. You can find the [outline here.](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/getting_started_with_ajax.md)


### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Work.

### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00)

Big Workspace.


## 1510

### Mini Project Peer Show and Tell (9:00 - 9:30)

Gather in Classroom C and find your pair listed below. This your chance to show off the mini-project you built over the weekend. Be sure to show not just functionality but also code implementation.

* Aaron Greenspan & Lenny Myerson
* Greg Armstrong  & Beth Secor
* Hector Huertas Baeza & Toni Rib
* Steven Olson & Steve Pentler
* Penney Garrett & Brenna Martenson
* Joseph Perry & Jordan Lawler
* Brant Wellman & Dan Winter
* Taylor Moore & Beth Sebian & James Crockett

### Little Shop of Orders Kickoff & Work Time (9:30 - 12:00)

Join Rachel in Classroom C to kick off [Little Shop of Orders](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/little_shop.markdown).

Create a [team expectations](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/0fed3529495a814eabb1) document by forking the original.

* Brant Wellman & Penney Garrett & James Crockett
* Greg Armstrong & Beth Sebian & Jordan Lawler
* Toni Rib & Taylor Moore & Brenna Martenson
* Beth Secor & Lenny Myerson & Dan Winter & Steven Olson 
* Aaron Greenspan & Steve Pentler & Joseph Perry & Hector Huertas Baeza

You'll have ~30 minutes to brainstorm your Little Shop idea with your group. When you're ready to pitch your idea, sign up on the whiteboard for a slot with Rachel.

Next steps:

* Generate a new Rails project for your little shop. Don't forget to use Postgres for your database.
* Create a waffle.io and add Rachel (rwarbelow) and Mike (mikedao) as collaborators.
* Push to Heroku, and get in the habit of pushing to Heroku frequently.
* Create wireframes for most important views: Think about what you think the workflow should be on the site. Which of those views is most important? In addition to the home page wireframe, create wireframes for the next two most important pages. Examples might be: A users' profile page, a product page, an admin dashboard etc.

### Card and Order Life Cycle (1:00 - 2:30)

Let's [catch 'em all](https://github.com/rwarbelow/catch-em-all). Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/cart_implementation.markdown). Classroom C.

### Technical Interview Prep (2:30 - 4:00)

Big Workspace


## 1511

### Practicing Remote Pairing (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in **Classroom A** to talk about and practice some tools
and techniques for pairing remotely.

### Project Kickoffs, Pairs, and DTR (10:30 - 12:00)

It's time to start your final project of the module. Some things to note:

* This project will be due at 9AM on Thursday, January 21st
* You will work in a pair and submit one repository
* As a pair you will choose between two projects
* Your project will be assessed by an instructor with the help of an automated test harness
* You need to pass this project ('3' in each rubric category) to pass the module

#### Projects

For the first time we're offering a choice of projects:

* [Headcount](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/headcount.markdown)
* [Black Thursday](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/black_thursday.markdown)

#### Pairs

Here are your pairs for the project:

* Alexis Navarrete & Matt DesMarteau working on *Black Thursday*
* Admir Draganovic & Nick Weiland working on *Black Thursday*
* Brennan Holtzclaw & Allan Blair working on *Black Thursday*
* Deborah Hamel & Gurusundesh Khalsa working on ~**Headcount**~
* Nicholas Dorans & Julian Feliciano working on *Headcount*
* Marina Corona & Heidi Hoopes working on *Headcount YOLO*
* Adrienne Domingus & Matt Packer working on *Headcount*
* Alireza Andersen & Erinna Chen working on *Black Thursday?!?!?*
* Matt Pindell & Hedy Woo working on Blank Thursday! J/k *Black Thursday!*
* Adam Hundley & Brian Rippeto working on *Black Thursday*
* Charles Ellison & Scott Firestone working on *Black Thursday*
* Nate Venn & July Tran working on *Black Thursday!*
* Thomas Pickett & Chelsea Johnson working on *Head Count*
* Kimiko Kano & David Whitaker working on *Head Count*

By noon you need to submit a pull request [to this outline](https://github.com/turingschool/today/blob/master/source/outlines/2016-01-11.markdown) editing your team's line above with the project you've chosen.

#### DTR

Spend at least 30 minutes before lunch DTRing:

* What's gone well/poorly with your past projects?
* What did you do during the break to reinforce your learning?
* What are your learning goals for the project?
* What do you need to do your best work?
* How do you collaborate best? How do you feel about pair programming vs divide-and-conquer approaches?
* What are your scheduling constraints and preferences?
* How will you know if the project is successful?

### Team Building & Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

This afternoon we'll break into two groups for 60-minute improv sessions in **Classroom C**. When you're not doing improv, you're working on your project.

#### Group 1

* Alexis Navarrete & Matt DesMarteau
* Admir Draganovic & Nick Weiland
* Brennan Holtzclaw & Allan Blair
* Deborah Hamel & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Nicholas Dorans & Julian Feliciano
* Marina Corona & Heidi Hoopes
* Adrienne Domingus & Matt Packer

#### Group 2

* Alireza Andersen & Erinna Chen
* Matt Pindell & Hedy Woo
* Adam Hundley & Brian Rippeto
* Charles Ellison & Scott Firestone
* Nate Venn & July Tran
* Thomas Pickett & Chelsea Johnson
* Kimiko Kano & David Whitaker

### Decomposing Projects (3:00 - 4:00)

If you're working on *Headcount*, then join Horace in Classroom A. He'll use [these notes](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/decomposing_headcount.markdown).

If you're working on *Black Thursday*, then join Jeff in Classroom B.
