---
title: 20160218
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* fubsy - adjective - short and stout

### Posse Challenge (8:30 - 9:00)

Do the thing!


## 1508

### Homework

Read [this gist](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/91bba7bb39ea60136e5c)

Fork the gist and link to your GameTime project and one other project. Both projects should have good examples of READMEs (either they already had a good README in place or update the READMEs for this assignment). (5 points)

### Ideabox in React (Creact) (9:00 - 10:00am)

We will meet in Classroom C to code along starting the Ideabox in React project.

[tutorial](http://github.com/applegrain/creact). You'll be cloning down a Rails API and build out CRUD functionality using the `react-rails` gem.

The completed repo should be [submitted here](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/a838fe2bbd259da04f75)

### Creact/GameTime Work Time (10am - 4:00pm)

When you're not in your evaluation with an instructor:

Work on GameTime wrap up

or

Continue working on Creact

### Game Time Evaluations (1:00pm - 4:00pm)

Don't forget - you will need to submit a Submission form prior to your evaluation.

#### With Steve

* 1:30: Jason Pilz & Ryan Johnson
* 2:00: Jill Donohue & Tyler Komoroske
* 2:30: Amber Crawford & Sekhar Paladugu
* 3:00: Robbie Lane & Ross Edfort
* 3:30: Jessica Goulding

#### With Meeka

* 1:30: Jhun de Andres & Aaron Careaga
* 2:00: Matt Stjernholm & Emily Dowdle
* 2:30: Matt Rooney & Adam Jensen
* 3:00: Pat Wey & Torie Warren
* 3:30: Marlo Major & Michael Wong


## 1510

### Testing an External API (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

API-CURIOUS


## 1511

### Form and Route Helpers in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

You'll find Andrew in Classroom C today to talk about Forms, Route Helpers, and more things Rails. [This is our lesson plan for today.](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/forms_and_route_helpers_in_rails.markdown)

### Jobs Q and A (1:00 - 1:30)

Join Marissa in Classroom C.

### Blogger Kickoff and Work Time (1:30 - 4:00)

Classroom C.


## 1602

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (9:00 - 12:00)

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/stacks_methods_and_program_flow.markdown)

Classroom A.

### Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Put some finishing touches on your projects. You can do it!
