---
title: 20161027
layout: outline
---

## 1605

### The remainder of Advanced JS (9:00 - 11:00)

Classroom B.

We'll cover Currying, Recursion and Generators

### PROtocol: Blog Writing & Peer Review (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

Like other Professional Development sessions, you are all expected to attend

### ScaleUp MidWay Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Nate

- Deb Hamel
- Caleb Cowen
- Christopher Concannon
- Matthew Packer
- Matthew Campbell
- Kerry Sheldon
- David Tinianow
- Karina Gonzalez
- Ryan Flach
- Tommasina Miller


#### With Andrew

- Yoseph Anderson
- Roberta Doyle
- Jason Hanna
- Trent Whitinger
- Zachary Forbing
- Patrick Wentz
- Garrett Smestad
- Jennifer Soden
- Kris Sparks
- Lane Winham


## 1606

### Cloney Island Evaluations (9:00 - 10:00)

#### With Josh
* (9:00) - Thumbtack
* (9:30) - Flickr

#### With Lauren
* (9:00) - Dropbox
* (9:30) - Airbnb

### Cloney Island Feedback Group Member Feedback (10:15 - 11:15)

Big Workspace

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom. Working in groups adds moving parts that can sometimes add complexity and increase friction. But we're also presented with opportunities to learn more about ourselves and other people which can help us grow to become better employees, bosses, teammates, and people.

We'll take this hour to write feedback for your group members. Fill out the following [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeTZakjgmbPwVs_gN1gpnWH0U2FuDtCJcmPsXSDy4svAk2SIw/viewform) using [these guidlines](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/cloney-island-week-2-feedback.md) to make sure the feedback is specific, actionable, and kind.

Your instructors will review your feedback to confirm it conforms to the guidelines above and if it does, deliver it to them.

### Cloney Island Show & Tell (11:15 - 12:00)

You all have worked hard and experienced unique technical challenges. Let's see your final projects and talk about the obstacles you were able to overcome.

### External Company Project Pitch (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom C.

### Self-Directed Projects Intro (2:00 - 3:00)

Classroom C.

### Self-Directed Project Ideation & Prep (3:00 - 4:00)

Classroom C.


## 1608

### Advanced Routing in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C.

### Authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Rails Mini Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)


## 1610

### Project Evaluations & Week 4 Diagnostic (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jeff
* 9:00  - Ann Wolff
* 9:30  - Eric Wahlgren-Sauro
* 10:00 - Kyle Heppenstall
* 10:30 - Josh Cohen

#### With Mike
* 9:00  - Amy Kintner
* 9:30  - Brett Rivers
* 10:00 - Lucy Conklin
* 10:30 - Robbie Smith
* 11:00 - NicK Erhardt

#### With Beth
* 9:00  - Dan Rodriguez
* 9:30  - Drew Palazzari
* 10:00 - Laszlo Balogh
* 10:30 - Caroline Powell
* 11:00 - Nick Erhardt

#### With Ilana
* 9:00  - David Knott
* 9:30  - Ethan Bennett
* 10:00 - Michael Schutte
* 10:30 - Nick Georghita

### Alternate Track Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

### Paired Code Challenge (1:00 - 4:00)

Classroom A.
