---
title: 20160304
layout: outline
---

## All

### Surveys

Please complete your survey at some point before 5pm today. Thanks!

* [1508](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1aho-Wg8NHtTNGZaUXLLW7UHZbu7O2gPG12SsrTMdp8E/viewform?usp=send_form)
* [1510](http://goo.gl/forms/PtT5KqLEUZ)
* [1511](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1TBEv7XUFsg7YiyOgijtuWgo0ClGzEmugnLAsGQzDm6s/viewform)
* [1602](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1NjSUGpfF-1oK9Q8zlPkE0bqn9sPBEiKphpAHzEfwtvw/viewform)

### Posse Challenge Code Review (8:30 - 9:00)

* James Golick, Dennis Ritchie, Fred Brooks, Weirich Posse in the big workspace with Lovisa
* Ada Lovelace, Tim Berners-Lee, Adele Goldberg, Yukihiro Matsumoto in classroom B with Horace
* Alan Kay, Grace Hopper, Ezra Zygmuntowicz, Donald Knuth in classroom A with Andrew

### Instructional Time (9:00 - 10:00)

#### 1508

Project Work Time! Steve and Meeka are available to answer questions.

#### 1511

Meet with Rachel and Andrew in Classroom C to talk about expectations for next week and the final assessment.

One-on-Ones:

With Rachel:

* Chelsea

With Andrew:

* Adrienne

#### 1602

**Peer Portfolio Critique**

Pairs are posted in slack.

Get with your pair and follow this process:

1. 30 Minutes - Person A reviews and critiques the portfolio of Person B.
2. 30 Minutes - Person B reviews and critiques the portfolio of Person A.
3. 30 Minutes - Take the feedback you received and use it to update and improve your portfolio.

**Reviewing a Portfolio**

As you are reviewing your partner's portfolio, focus on the following topics:

1. Do they have the required content for each section? Are all the necessary projects accounted for?
2. Does the porfolio add meaningful project commentary beyond a simple list of scores? Try to include at least 1 specific takeaway for each project.
3. Does the portfolio tell the story of their progress and development throughout the module?

### Gear Up (10:00 - 11:00)

Today we'll be reading, thinking, and discussing [Environmental Responsibility](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/environmental_responsibility.markdown).

We'll need two sets of groups explained below.

#### Classroom A

##### Part 1: Single Topic

* *Apathy*: Jhun de Andres with Jonathan Liss & Amber Crawford & Shannon Paige & Matt Stjernholm & Allan Blair
* *Policy & Systematic Change*: Patrick Hardy with Christopher Soden & Mark Miranda & Lenny Myerson & Ling Tran & Penney Garrett
* *Resources as Fuel*: Sal Espinosa with Claudia Kiesenhofer & Jason Pilz & Ross Edfort
* *Morality & Religion*: Justin Pease with Michael Wong & Edgar Duran & Brant Wellman & Jill Donohue & Taylor Moore

##### Part 2: Jigsaw

* Jhun de Andres with Jonathan Liss & Christopher Soden & Penney Garrett & Ross Edfort & Jill Donohue
* Patrick Hardy with Amber Crawford & Allan Blair & Mark Miranda & Michael Wong & Taylor Moore
* Sal Espinosa with Shannon Paige & Lenny Myerson & Claudia Kiesenhofer & Edgar Duran &
* Justin Pease with Matt Stjernholm & Ling Tran & Jason Pilz & Brant Wellman &

#### Classroom B

##### Part 1: Single Topic

* *Radical Environmentalism*: Brenna Martenson with Ilana Corson & Aaron Careaga & Beth Sebian & Marlo Major & Brian Rippeto
* *Apathy*: Alireza Andersen with Charles Ellison & Sekhar Paladugu & Colin Osborn & Steven Olson & Kris Foss
* *Policy & Systematic Change*: Chelsea Johnson with Christine Gamble & Deborah Hamel & Matt DesMarteau & Kimiko Kano & Pat Wey
* *Resources as Fuel*: David Whitaker with Alexis Navarrete & Jonathan Bernesser & Ryan Johnson & Marina Corona & Adam Jensen

##### Part 2: Jigsaw

* Brenna Martenson with Marlo Major & Colin Osborn & Deborah Hamel & Alexis Navarrete & Adam Jensen
* Alireza Andersen with Ilana Corson & Brian Rippeto & Steven Olson & Matt DesMarteau & Jonathan Bernesser
* Chelsea Johnson with Aaron Careaga & Charles Ellison & Kris Foss & Kimiko Kano & Ryan Johnson
* David Whitaker with Beth Sebian & Sekhar Paladugu & Christine Gamble & Pat Wey & Marina Corona

#### Classroom C

##### Part 1: Single Topic

* *Morality & Religion*: Nate Venn with Matt Pindell & Brennan Holtzclaw & Jennifer Soden & July Tran & Ashwin Rao
* *Radical Environmentalism*: Nicholas Dorans with David Stinnette & Andrew Thompson & Emily Dowdle & Jeneve Parrish & Adrienne Domingus
* *Apathy*: Thomas Pickett with Gurusundesh Khalsa & Erinna Chen & James Crockett & Toni Rib & Steve Pentler

##### Part 2: Jigsaw

* Nate Venn with Jennifer Soden & David Stinnette & Jeneve Parrish & Erinna Chen & Steve Pentler
* Nicholas Dorans with Matt Pindell & July Tran & Andrew Thompson & Adrienne Domingus & James Crockett
* Thomas Pickett with Brennan Holtzclaw & Ashwin Rao & Emily Dowdle & Gurusundesh Khalsa & Toni Rib

#### Workspace

##### Part 1: Single Topic

* *Policy & Systematic Change*: Kami Boers with John Slota & Hector Huertas Baeza & Tyler Komoroske & Joshua Washke & Joseph Perry
* *Resources as Fuel*: Beth Secor with Adam Hundley & Jordan Lawler & Dan Winter & Torie Warren & Robbie Lane
* *Morality & Religion*: Heidi Hoopes with Scott Firestone & Cole Hall & Admir Draganovic & Nick Weiland & Matt Rooney
* *Radical Environmentalism*: Julian Feliciano with Greg Armstrong & Aaron Greenspan & Jared Roth

##### Part 2: Jigsaw

* Kami Boers with Joshua Washke & Dan Winter & Cole Hall & Greg Armstrong
* Beth Secor with John Slota & Joseph Perry & Torie Warren & Admir Draganovic & Aaron Greenspan
* Heidi Hoopes with Hector Huertas Baeza & Adam Hundley & Robbie Lane & Nick Weiland & Jared Roth
* Julian Feliciano with Tyler Komoroske & Jordan Lawler & Scott Firestone & Matt Rooney

### Guest Speaker: Jacqueline Ros (11:00 - 12:00)

Today we'll be joined by Jackie Ros from Revolar. You can learn more about her here:

* [Revolar the company](https://revolar.com/)
* [Jackie's company profile](https://revolar.com/jacqueline/)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacqueline-ros-ba4149a1)
* [Jackie on Twitter](https://twitter.com/jackie_ros)
* [An interview on Smart Girls](http://amysmartgirls.com/revolars-jacqueline-ros-discusses-a-movement-of-empowerment/)

### Lunch Roulette (12:00 - 1:15)

* Ashwin Rao, Marlo Major, Admir Draganovic, Horace
* Nate Venn, Jason Pilz, Jhun De Andres, Nate
* Kris Foss, Pat Wey, Aaron Careaga, Mike
* Christopher Soden, Ryan Johnson, Julian Feliciano, Andrew
* Claudia Kiesenhofer, Alexis Navarrete, Allan Blair, Rachel
* Adam Jensen, Chelsea Johnson, Sal Espinosa, Josh
* Amber Crawford, Erinna Chen, Ilana Corson, Lovisa
* Matt Pindell, Marina Corona, Matt Rooney, Steve
* Gurusundesh Khalsa, Kimiko Kano, Sekhar Paladugu, Meeka
* Tyler Komoroske, Ling Tran, Brennan Holtzclaw, Joanne
* Adrienne Domingus, Jared Roth, Emily Dowdle, Jorge
* Jeneve Parrish, Matt Stjernholm, Kami Boers, Jeff
* Jennifer Soden, Scott Firestone, Robbie Lane, Tess
* Jill Donohue, Charles Ellison, Heidi Hoopes, Jonathan Bernesser
* Jonathan Liss, July Tran, Ross Edfort, Thomas Pickett
* Andrew Thompson, Brian Rippeto, Alireza Andersen, Torie Warren
* Joshua Washke, Nick Weiland, Nicholas Dorans, David Whitaker
* Mark Miranda, Matt DesMarteau, Christine Gamble, Adam Hundley
* Patrick Hardy, Michael Wong, Colin Osborn, Deborah Hamel

### Group Retro (1:15 - 2:00)

* 1508 in Big Workspace
* 1510 in Classroom B
* 1511 in Classroom C
* 1602 in Classroom A

### Lightning Talks (2:00 - 3:00)

* Jill Donohue - Not Your Average Cover Letters
* Steve Pentler - Computing in Technicolor
* Penney Garrett - Forgotten Female Programmers: The ENIAC Women
* Kimiko Kano - Make your own chat app with Firebase
* Jhun de Andres - Tim Berners Lee and the importance of open source
* John Slota - The future of transportation
* Admir Draganovic - https://github.com/Draganovic/lightning_talks.git
* Alexis Navarrete - Who is Richard Stallman? And Why You Should Care
* Scott Firestone - Fun with MIDI

### Electives (3:00 - 4:00)

* ​*Intro to GoLang*​ in Classroom C with Allan Blair: When the tough gets going, Golang gets… uhh? Come learn golang with Allan. This session will get you up and running. Other sessions will include HTTP, concurrency and designing command line interfaces

* ​*DevOps*​ in Classroom B with Jason Pilz & Ryan Johnson: Our session is a follow-up to last session, so only people who came last time are set up to continue along….we will be creating a basic rails app and serving it on our droplets.

* ​*End-to-End Design Thinking* in the Big Workspace: How might we improve the way junior devs look for and secure job?*​ with Hack Design: Design Thinking is an iterative, user-centerd approach to finding creative solutions to problems.  This elective will confront problems related to the junior developer job search by going through the Design Thinking approach.  We will meet every other week and aim to take problem from research to product. This week we will discuss an overview of the methodology as well as begin to build “empathy” for users.

* ​*Hello Machine Learning*​ in Horace's Lair with Erinna Chen: Do you want to create the next dog of instagram and can’t figure out which hash tags to put on your posts? Computers can filter out that data and figure out what tags will get Amie to the next level. We’ll go through a tutorial which claims to be the “Hello World” to machine learning. Good for those who aren’t morning people and can’t make it to computability theory.

* ​*Git Workflow*​ in Classroom A with David Whitaker: Experiencing git-tastrophies?  Still unsure of how to optimize your git workflow?  Join me as I share some git tips and tricks that will make all of those headaches go away (hopefully) - great for module one folks.

* ​*Building a Menu Bar Application with Electron*​ at the big staff table with Steve: This week we'll build a clipboard manager that sits in the menubar. We can save stuff to the app, we can copy it back to the clipboard, we can even publish it to a gist. We'll setup global shortcuts and notifications as well. Check it out: [Clipmaster 9000](https://github.com/stevekinney/clipmaster-9000-tutorial).

* ​*The Turing Fight Song*​ the closet with Adam Hundley: Turing is a school and every school needs a fight song! We will collaboratively come up with a Turing Fight Song that will be proudly sung at all sporting events Turing is involved in. If you like being creative, rhyming and being extremely sarcastic then spend your hour with me.
