---
title: 20160727
layout: outline
---

## All

### Announcements


## 1602

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 10:00)

Grab a coffee and get some work done!

### Special Topics from Thoughtbox (10:00 - 11:30)

We'll meet up in Classroom C and talk about some tricky topics from the mock assessment.

### Lunch Session: Publishing Your First NPM Module! (12:00 - 1:00)

Commons on Champa

Join Steve to get a sneak peek at his conference talk that he'll be giving at [npm.camp](http://npm.camp/)

The Ins-and-Outs of Publishing a Module to npm

### Stand Ups (1:00 - 2:00)

Commons on Champa

* 1:00 - Whiskey
* 1:15 - Tango
* 1:30 - OSS

### Thoughtbox Evals (2:00 - 4:00)

Commons on Champa

#### With Jhun

- 2:15: Ling Tran
- 2:45: Jared Roth
- 3:15: Gurusundesh Khalsa

#### With Meeka

- 2:15: Kami Boers
- 2:45: Matt Pindell
- 3:15: Marina Corona

#### With Brenna

- 2:15: Alex Navarrete
- 2:45: Jeneve Parrish
- 3:15: Sal Espinosa


## 1603

### Protocol - Personal Branding, Marketing Yourself (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom B with Allison.

### Project Work Time and Mock Assessment review (10:00 - 12:00)

Meetings should be 10-15 minutes.

#### With Josh

* Lucy Fox
* Marcella Wigg
* Brian Sayler
* Ryan Batty
* Parker Phillips
* Robert Jaeger
* Charles Kaminer
* Nick Pisciotta

#### With Nate

* Ilana Corson
* Anna Weisbrodt
* Erin Greenhalgh
* Jennifer Soden
* Colin Osborn
* Deborah Hamel
* Christopher Soden
* Kerry Sheldon

#### Pairing with Sally

* 10:00 - Nick Pisciotta
* 11:00 - Ilana Corson

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

And any remaining Mock Assessment reviews that we didn't get to that morning.

## 1605

### Intro to Heroku and the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 11:00)

Come to Classroom B and learn about asset-magic. [Here is the lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/intro_to_the_asset_pipeline.markdown)

### Project Work Time and One on Ones (10:30 - EOD)

Schedule TBD.


## 1606-B

### Advanced Enumerables (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A.

### Refactoring in Pairs (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A still!

### Assessment and Portfolio Q and A (1:00 - 1:30)

Classroom A where Jeff will put your fears to rest.

### Project Work Time (1:30 - 4:00)

Do the thing!
