---
title: 20160201
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

**cupidity** - *noun* - eager or excessive desire, especially to possess something; greed; avarice.

### Welcome 1602

Feel free to introduce yourselves to anyone you don't recognize. Please wear your name tags all week.

### Friday Lunch Roulette

Get ready to meet some of your fellow Turing students with Friday Lunch
Roulette! Early this week, find your group listed below and decide on a plan
for Friday lunch (go out to eat, bring lunch to Turing, etc.). Just please
make sure that'll stay in the 12:00 - 1:15pm window.

* Matt Rooney, July Tran, Alireza Andersen, Hector Huertas Baeza
* Andrew Thompson, Hedy Woo, John Slota, Ryan Johnson
* Ashwin Rao, Aaron Careaga, Jordan Lawler, Admir Draganovic
* Jason Pilz, Steven Olson, Nicholas Dorans, Christine Gamble
* Adrienne Domingus, Christopher Soden, Ross Edfort, Charissa Lawrence
* Aaron Greenspan, Colin Osborn, Brian Rippeto, Michael Wong
* Shannon Paige, Deborah Hamel, David Whitaker, Marlo Major
* Pat Wey, Penney Garrett, Kimiko Kano, Emily Blanchard
* Joseph Perry, Matt Packer, Adam Jensen, Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Ilana Corson, Edgar Duran, Brennan Holtzclaw, Tyler Komoroske
* James Crockett, Erinna Chen, Jill Donohue, Jared Roth
* Amber Crawford, Chad Minnerath, Jeneve Parrish, Allan Blair
* Lenny Myerson, Ji Kim, Jhun de Andres, Chelsea Johnson
* Matt Stjernholm, Jonathan Liss, Greg Armstrong, Julian Feliciano
* Beth Secor, Robbie Lane, Heidi Hoopes, Mike Dao
* Steve Pentler, Charles Ellison, Emily Dowdle, Nate Allen
* Joshua Washke, Justin Pease, Adam Hundley, Steve Kinney
* Nate Venn, Taylor Moore, Kami Boers, Horace Williams
* Kris Foss, Cole Hall, Alexis Navarrete, Torie Warren
* Claudia Kiesenhofer, Nick Weiland, David Stinnette, Marissa Smith
* Scott Firestone, Ling Tran, Brant Wellman, Rachel Warbelow
* Marina Corona, Toni Rib, Jonathan Bernesser, Tess Griffen
* Mark Miranda, Beth Sebian, Matt Pindell, Meeka Gayhart
* Matt DesMarteau, Dan Winter, Jennifer Soden, Jorge Tellez
* Patrick Hardy, Sal Espinoza, Thomas Pickett, Lovisa Svallingson
* Emily McClung, Sekhar Paladugu, Brenna Martenson

## 1508

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace with Jeff.

### Module 4 Kickoff (9:30 - 11:00)

Meet in Classroom C with Meeka and Steve.

- [Module 4 Cheatsheet](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/042665ce6d3a0c265a05)
- [Etherpad for topics for further discussion from the homework](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/1508-javascript)
- [Module 4 Kickoff Slides](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/000zBCx40R8iIKl_vdN6PEjdA#Module_4_Kickoff%2C_2015-11-30)

### Ideabox 2.0 Kickoff (11:00 - 12:00)

We don't waste any time around here. Stick around with Steve in Classroom C to learn about your first project.

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/revenge_of_idea_box.markdown)
- [Project Submission Form](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1508/module_4_assignments/ideabox2.0)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

It's time to start boxing those ideas.

Meeka and Steve are both around for all of your questioning needs.

### Homework

[Fork this Gist about ES6 and Respond](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/7314cb7da3ee8b1e131d) (3 points)


## 1510

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace with Jeff.

### Module 3 Kickoff (9:30 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### The Pivot Kickoff (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

#### Groups

* Joseph Perry & Toni Rib & Dan Winter
* Beth Sebian & Justin Pease & Lenny Myerson
* Steve Pentler & Hector Huertas Baeza & John Slota
* Taylor Moore & Shannon Paige & Aaron Greenspan
* Brant Wellman & Jordan Lawler & Charissa Lawrence
* Beth Secor & Brenna Martenson & Cole Hall
* Greg Armstrong & Penney Garrett & Edgar Duran
* Steven Olson & James Crockett & David Stinnette

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)


## 1511

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace with Jeff.

### Module 2 Kickoff (10:30 - 11:00)

Big Workspace

### Intro to Sinatra/Task Manager (11:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace

### Intro to Bootstrap (1:00 - 4:00)

The fun continues in classroom B. Check out [this lesson plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_bootstrap.markdown)


## 1602

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Classroom A. It's the one by the staff area. Or you could come on in and
ask anyone where to go.

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace with Jeff.

### Tour and Getting Started (9:30 - 10:00)

Ditch your backpack/computer/etc in Classroom A, grab your jacket, and mass at the front couch in A where Jeff will give you a quick tour.

### All: Success at Turing (10:00 - 12:00)

Back in Classroom A, meet with Jeff, Horace, Nate, and Mike to review:

* How we got started in 2012
* Key lessons learned across Hungry Academy and gSchool
* Where we are now
* Our educational approach
* Pails & fires
* Staffing and support
* Patterns to expect each week and each module
* Module 1 successes, repeats, and dropouts
* Common patterns for work
* What strugglers do
* What the most successful students do
* Echo, Foxtrot, and swimming pools

Then Horace will take over to explain the specifics of Module 1.

Finally we'll talk a bit about portfolios:

* Why portfolios exist
* "Living Document" approach
* How portfolio presentation works
* How to get yours started

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You know about us, now it's time for us to know about you. Continue in Classroom A where we'll have lunch.

### All: Computer Setup and How Your System Works (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom A.

If you want to start [installing xcode](macappstores://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12#), you'll be way ahead of the game


### Echo: Strings the Hard Way (2:30 - 3:30)

Join Mike to work through these [string exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/strings_the_hard_way.markdown)

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (2:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A.

### Echo: Mastermind Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

[Project link](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/mastermind.markdown)


## Homework

### Echo: [SuperFizz](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/super_fizz.markdown)

### Foxtrot: [Working with Strings and Integers](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/working_with_strings_and_integers.markdown)
