---
title: 20160115
layout: outline
---

## All

* hebetude - noun - the state of being dull; lethargy

#### Surveys

* [1507](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1kQk2byAaMeIDmf16WPyjLxDJFPDqfx0AFJeUe4ox97Y/viewform)
* [1508](http://goo.gl/forms/OhVYIb4c74)
* [1510](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1LHIwo8DMuUYBgCUTc0eYAIxCCD0nfxs--SyI72N5CA0/viewform)
* [1511](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1FLYP2MaCWXRaPKWozvHWyUPdp3d70KuK0dV1jxQ-n-k/viewform)

### Lightning Talks (1:00 - 1:45)

#### Group A - Classroom A

* Jerrod Paul Junker Upcoming Game Technologies
* Jordan Lawler - Slack Pro Tips, AND YOU CAN TOO!
* Michael Merrill - Hacking the Job Interview
* Jill Donohue - Front End is Your Friend!

#### Group B - Big Workspace

* Shannon Paige - The Cult of Pythagoras
* James Crockett - Wearable Analytics and the NFL
* Tyler Graham - The Global Hacking War
* Joseph Perry - Programming Careers in Energy and Commodities Trading
* Alon Waisman - Six Degrees of Safe Navigation in Ruby 2.3

### Group Retro (1:45 - 2:30)

* 1507 - Classroom B
* 1508 - Big Workspace
* 1510 - Classroom C
* 1511 - Classroom A

## 1507

### Real Time Project Work Time (9:00 - 4:00)

All instructors are available for quick questions or longer-form pairing sessions. Reach out to them via DM or ambush them. It's totally cool.

### Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Meeka and Lovia are available for questions and pairing.


## 1508

### The Jobs Talk (9:00 - 12:00)

Join Marissa in the Big Workspace.

### Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

We are almost there!


## 1510

### Little Shop Work Time & Final Assessments (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 - Lenny Myerson
* 9:45 - Steve Oscaro
* 10:30 - Hector Huertas Baeza
* 11:15 - Beth Sebian

#### With Mike

* 9:00 - Toni Rib
* 9:45 - Beth Secor
* 10:30 - Dan Winter

### Intro to JavaScript (2:30 - 4:00)

Meet with Steve in Classroom B to talk a little bit about the world's most popular programming language.

* [Exercises](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_javascript.markdown)
* [Additional Resources](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/javascript/)

## 1511

### Intro to Portfolios (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to talk about how portfolios work.

### Final Assessments (10:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jeff

* 10:00 - Admir Draganovic
* 10:30 - Ali Andersen
* 11:00 - Thomas Pickett
* 11:30 - Kimiko Kano

#### With Josh

* 10:00 - Matt Pindell
* 10:30 - July Tran
* 11:00 - Julian Feliciano
* 11:30 - Heidi Hoopes

#### With Horace

* 09:30 - David Whitaker
* 10:00 - Nick Dorans
* 10:30 - Erinna Chen
* 11:00 - Brennan Holtzclaw
* 11:30 - Alex Navarrete

#### With Mike

* 11:30 - Adrienne Domingus

### Wizarding Bank "Diagnostic" (9:30 - 12:00)

If you're not being assessed, work on the [Wizarding Bank](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/wizarding_bank.markdown)
exercise with a pair. This exercise is intended to simulate
the types of skills and process you'll need to demonstrate on your
assessment.

**Pairs**

* Admir & Matt Pindell
* Ali & July Tran
* Thom & Jules
* Kimi & Heidi
* Adrienne & Alex
* Nick & Adam
* Erinna & Allan
* Brennan & David W
* Marina & Matt D
* Brian & Matt Packer
* Chelsea & Nate
* Deb & Scott
* Chad & Hedy
* Sunny & Nick W.

### Afternoon

* 1:00 we'll have Lightning Talks
* 1:45 we'll do Group Retro
* 2:30 meet in Classroom A where we will workshop on your portfolios

