---
title: 20160119
layout: outline
---

## All

* linctus - noun - a syrupy liquid medicine, especially for treating coughs

### Staff Cleanup

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).


## 1507

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Finish your projects.

### Real Time Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Steve

* 12:30 - Tyler Graham
* 1:00 - Alon Waisman
* 1:30 - Bret Doucette
* 2:00 - Chris Cenatiempo
* 3:00 - George Hudson
* 3:30 - Jack Yeh

#### With Meeka

* 1:00 - Dave Maurer
* 1:30 - Erik Butcher
* 2:00 - Jeff Ruane
* 3:00 - Justin Holzmann
* 3:30 - Rose Kohn

#### With Lovisa

* 1:00 - Mary Beth Burch
* 1:30 - Matt Ewell
* 2:00 - Matt Hecker
* 3:00 - Michael Merrill
* 3:30 - Mimi Schatz

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Regis Boudinot
* 1:30 - Rick Bacci
* 2:00 - Robert Cornell
* 2:30 - Russell Harms
* 3:00 - Ryan Asensio
* 3:30 - Travis Haby


## 1508

### Getting Started With Workers (9:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace. [Here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/intro_to_background_workers.md) is your lesson plan.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA


## 1510

### Intro to JQuery (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom C.

### Filtering with JQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Final Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Rachel
* 1:00 - Penney Garrett

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Steve Pentler
* 1:45 - Taylor Moore

#### With Horace
* 1:00 - Brenna Martenson
* 1:45 - Jordan Lawler
* 2:30 - Joseph Perry
* 3:15 - Greg Armstrong

#### With Mary
* 1:00 - Brant Wellman
* 1:45 - James Crockett
* 2:30 - Aaron Greenspan

### Little Shop Check Ins (Afternoon)

With Rachel:

* 1:45 Brant Wellman & Penney Garrett & James Crockett
* 2:30 Greg Armstrong & Beth Sebian & Jordan Lawler
* 3:15 Aaron Greenspan & Steve Pentler & Joseph Perry & Hector Huertas Baeza

With Mike:

* 2:30 Toni Rib & Taylor Moore & Brenna Martenson
* 3:15 Beth Secor & Lenny Myerson & Dan Winter & Steven Olson


## 1511

### Final Assessments & Project Work Time (9:00 - 10:30)

Back to the code mines, yon intrepid explorers!

Check below for this morning's assessment schedule.

#### With Josh Cheek

* 9:00 - Adam Hundley
* 9:30 - Allan Blair
* 10:00 - Charles Ellison

#### With Jeff

* 9:00 - Deborah Hamel
* 9:30 - Brian Rippeto

#### With Horace

* 9:00 - Matt DesMarteau
* 9:30 - Nate Venn

#### With Mike
* 9:00 - Chelsea Johnson
* 9:30 - Marina Corona
* 10:00 - Matt Packer

#### With Andrew
* 9:00 - Scott Firestone
* 9:30 - Hedy Woo

#### With Lovisa
* 9:00 - Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 9:30 - Nick Weiland

### How Computers & Electronics (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Jeff in Classroom A to nerd out about gadgets
and gizmos galore. There's a [little bullet list of key points](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/how_computers_work.markdown).

### Meet with Josh (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet with Josh in Classroom A to revisit some topics you've seen before and push deeper.

### Cross-Pairing (2:30 - 4:00)

Then let's finish out the day with a bit of cross-team pairing. Work on the project **on the right*:

* Alexis Navarrete & Scott Firestone
* Admir Draganovic & July Tran
* Brennan Holtzclaw & Matt DesMarteau
* Alireza Andersen & Nick Weiland
* Matt Pindell & Allan Blair
* Adam Hundley & Erinna Chen
* Charles Ellison & Hedy Woo
* Nate Venn & Brian Rippeto

* Thomas Pickett & Heidi Hoopes
* Kimiko Kano & Matt Packer
* Deborah Hamel & Chelsea Johnson
* Nicholas Dorans & David Whitaker
* Marina Corona & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Adrienne Domingus & Julian Feliciano
