---
title: 20160407
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day
* shibboleth - noun - a peculiarity of pronounciation, behavior, mode of
dress, etc that distinguishes a particular class or set of persons.


## 1510

### IdeaBox in React Kick Off (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom C.

### IdeaBox in React and GameTime Evals (10:00 - 12:00)

Schedule TBA.

### Scale Up Project Kick Off (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom C.

### Finish Up IdeaBox in React (2:30 - 4:00)

Box those Ideas.


## 1511

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Put those finishing touches on it.

### Apicurious Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

- Nick Weiland
- Julian Feliciano
- Adrienne Domingus
- Heidi Hoopes
- Erinna Chen
- Allan Blair
- July Tran
- Kimiko Kano
- Nicholas Dorans
- Scott Firestone

#### With Nate

- Brian Rippeto
- David Whitaker
- Brennan Holtzclaw
- Alexis Navarrete
- Adam Hundley
- Chelsea Johnson
- Lenny Myerson
- Nate Venn
- Charissa Lawrence


## 1602

### Blogger Recap (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom B.

### Feature Testing in Rails (9:30 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### Model Testing in Rails (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Work Time: Model Testing (1:00 - 3:00)

Anywheeeeere.

### Model Testing: A Review (3:00 - 3:30)

Classroom B.

### MixMaster KickOff (3:30 - 4:00)

Classroom B.


## 1603

### Project Evals (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Horace
* 9:00 - Denali Lord
* 9:30 - Ji Kim
* 10:00 - Kris Sparks
* 10:30 - Yoseph Anderson
* 11:00 - Sonia Gupta
* 11:30 - Joshua Cohen

#### With Lovisa
* 9:00 - Marcella Wigg
* 9:30 - Anna Weisbrodt
* 10:00 - Jennifer Soden
* 10:30 - Linda McCartney
* 11:00 - Ryan Batty
* 11:30 - Kerry Sheldon

#### With Mike
* 9:00 - Brian Sayler
* 9:30 - Lucy Fox
* 10:00 - Robbie Jaeger
* 10:30 - Colin Osborn
* 11:00 - Ilana Corson
* 11:30 - Christine Gamble

#### With Nate
* 9:00 - Jason Hanna
* 9:30 - Karina Gonzales
* 10:00 - Luigi Aversano
* 10:30 - Megan McMullin
* 11:00 - Lane Winham
* 11:30 - Charles Kaminer

#### With Rachel
* 11:00 - Erin Greenhalgh
* 11:30 - Michael Lane Winham

#### With Tess
* 9:00 - Nick Pisciotta
* 9:30 - Peter Springer

### Pair Code Challenge (9:00 - 12:00)

You're working on this when youre not being evaluated.
When you're not being evaluated, pair up and work on [this code challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/well_formed_strings.markdown)

* rbatty, robbiejaeger
* anna_w, kerry
* marcellawigg, saylerb
* ckaminer, icorson3
* lane, codingzero
* lin, karinamzalez
* luigi_ave1, nickpisciotta
* ji, colinosborn
* msjennygiraffe, thatgirlcancode
* parkercp, peter.springer
* jhanna, soniagupta504
* e_green, mcmegan
* kbs5280, josh
* christinecgamble, lucyfox

### Project Recap and Refactor (1:00 - 4:00)

Let's get together to talk about some of the things that went well in
our projects and what could be improved.

We'll work through 3 sessions

#### Project-Specific Recap (1:00 - 2:00)

Join one of the staff to look through some example solutions to the week's project.

##### Enigma - Classroom A with Horace

##### Nightwriter - Staff Table with Mike

##### CompleteMe / Battleship - Big Workspace with Lovisa

#### Group Discussion: Top-Down vs. Bottom-Up Design (2:00 - 2:45)

Gather in Classroom A.

#### Practicing (2:30 - 4:00)

Pair up with a student who worked on the same project with you.

For the next 90 minutes choose one of the design approaches just discussed.
**Start from scratch** on your project and see how far you can get applying these techniques in combination with TDD.
