---
title: 20160113
layout: outline
---

## All

### Posse Cleanup

## 1507

### WebSocket Workshop (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Lovisa is Classroom B.

This morning, you'll be working through [a guided implementation of a small WebSocket application][ww] that should look eerily familiar.

[ww]: https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/websockets_workshop.markdown

### Real Time Check-ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Steve

- 1:00: Tyler Graham
- 1:25: Rick Bacci
- 1:50: Chris Cenatiempo
- 2:15: Matt Hecker
- 2:40: Mary Beth Burch
- 3:05: Erik Butcher
- 3:30: Mimi Schatz

#### With Meeka

- 1:00: Regis Boudinot
- 1:25: George Hudson
- 1:50: Alon Waisman
- 2:15: Michael Merrill
- 2:40: Rose Kohn
- 3:05: Dave Maurer
- 3:30: Russell Harms

#### With Lovisa

- 1:00: Matt Ewell
- 1:25: Jeff Ruane
- 1:50: Justin Holzmann
- 2:15: Travis Haby
- 2:40: Jack Yeh
- 3:05: Bret Doucette
- 3:30: Robert Cornell

## 1508

### Project Work Time (ALL DAY)

DO IT DO IT


## 1510

### Intro to Heroku and the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/intro_to_the_asset_pipeline.markdown).

* Joseph Perry & Toni Rib & Dan Winter
* Taylor Moore & Greg Armstrong & Steve Pentler
* Lenny Myerson & Jordan Lawler & Beth Sebian
* Steven Olson & James Crockett & Hector Huertas Baeza
* Beth Secor & Brenna Martenson & Penney Garrett
* Brant Wellman & Aaron Greenspan

### Project Work Time (10:30 - FOREVER)

Little Shop! Little Shop!

### One On Ones (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Aaron Greenspan
* 1:10 - Beth Sebian
* 1:20 - Brant Wellman
* 1:30 - Brenna Martenson
* 1:40 - Dan Winter
* 1:50 - Beth Secor
* 2:00 - Greg Armstrong
* 2:10 - Taylor Moore
* 2:20 - Steve Olson

#### With Rachel
* 1:00 - Hector Huertas Baeza
* 1:10 - James Crockett
* 1:20 - Jordan Lawler
* 1:30 - Joseph Perry
* 1:40 - Lenny Myerson
* 1:50 - Penney Garrett
* 2:00 - Steve Pentler
* 2:10 - Toni Rib

#### With Mike

## 1511

### Refactoring in Pairs (9:00 - 10:30)

This morning you should get together with the pair below to work on refactoring your Iteration 0. Work on the project of the person on the left of the pair below. The main questions you should try to work on include:

* Are there holes in the test coverage? Edge cases that should be tested?
* What refactoring would set this project up for success in the later iterations?
* What lessons/ideas can be brought over from the other person's project?

#### Black Thursdays

* Alexis Navarrete & July Tran
* Admir Draganovic & Matt DesMarteau
* Brennan Holtzclaw & Nick Weiland
* Alireza Andersen & Allan Blair
* Matt Pindell & Erinna Chen
* Adam Hundley & Hedy Woo
* Charles Ellison & Brian Rippeto
* Nate Venn & Scott Firestone

#### Headcount

* Thomas Pickett & Matt Packer
* Kimiko Kano & Chelsea Johnson
* Deborah Hamel & David Whitaker
* Nicholas Dorans & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Marina Corona & Julian Feliciano
* Adrienne Domingus & Heidi Hoopes

### Testing, Small Datasets, and Dependencies (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Horace in Classroom A to discuss techniques for managing our
test suite across a large project with a lot of data.

[Related: a Parable](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/testing_with_small_datasets%E2%80%A6_the_fictional_story_of_a_plumber_who_learns_about_fixtures_mocks_and_stubs_and_ignoring_all_that_shit_and_simplifying_your_design_instead.markdown)

### Project Q & A + Work Time (1:00 - 3:00)

Jeff will be in Classroom A at 1pm to talk about Black Thursday.

Josh/Horace will be in Classroom A at 2pm to talk about Headcount.
