---
title: 20160707
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

**sublunary** - _adjective_ - situated beneath the moon; hence, of or
pertaining to this world


## 1602

### A Polite Reintroduction to Asynchronous JavaScript (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom A with a special guest.

- [Slides](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/00026II3eyzH3DhAOBEV8wnQQ#Asynchronous_JavaScript)
- [Async Lab](http://bit.ly/async-lab)

You'll be working in the following pairs (and a triplet):

* Thomas Pickett & Ashwin Rao
* Mark Miranda & Kami Boers
* Patrick Hardy & Alex Navarrete
* Sal Espinosa & Ling Tran
* Kris Foss & Matt Pindell
* Jared Roth & Alireza Andersen
* Marina Corona & Jeneve Parrish
* Joshua Washke & Jonathan Bernesser
* Andrew Thompson & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Chad Ellison & Jonathan Liss & Claudia Kiesenhofer

### Protocol - Job Search Strategies (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom A with Allison

What is important to you? What goals do you have for yourself? What kind of services do you want to provide? Where do you see your career going?

Utilizing a job-hunting strategy that has an 86% success rate, you’ll complete a self-inventory to answer those questions and more in this session adapted from [What Color is Your Parachute by Richard N. Bolles](http://www.jobhuntersbible.com/)

### Jobs Talk Part Deux (2:00 - 4:00)

Classroom A with Lia

Networking: everyone cringes, but it’s essential to a successful job search. Let’s learn how to talk about ourselves without freezing up, fumbling, or saying something we later regret. How to make great impressions on potential employers

## 1603

### Project Work Time (ALL DAY)

Do the thing.


## 1605

### Using Rack::Test in Sinatra (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C.

### Controller Testing Experiments (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### One-on-One's & Rush Hour Worktime (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Andrew

1:00 - Angela

1:15 - Chris

1:30 - Garrett

1:45 - Kris

2:00 - Matt P.

2:15 - Lane

2:30 - Nate

2:45 - Roberta

3:00 - Sonia

3:15 - Trent

#### With Casey

1:00 - Nicole

1:15 - David

1:30 - Jason

1:45 - Lin

2:00 - Matt C.

2:15 - Pat

2:30 - Caleb

2:45 - Ryan

3:00 - Tommasina

3:15 - Yoseph

3:30 - Zack


## 1606 - B

### Movement This Weekend

Please [RSVP](http://goo.gl/forms/jzyU27LgUA1EXxkq2) if you want to go
climbing on Turing!

### Dynamics (9:00 - 9:45)

Start today with Beth in Classroom B.

### Ruby's Object Model (9:45 - 12:00)

Continue in B with Jeff to build your understanding of Ruby's Object Model. We'll loosely follow these notes: [Ruby's Object Model](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/ruby_object_model1.markdown)

### One on Ones (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Beth
* 1:00 - Alisher Sadikov
* 1:10 - Jean Joeris
* 1:20 - Bryan Goss
* 1:30 - Raphael Barbo
* 1:40 - Vido Seaver
* 1:50 - Susi Irwin
* 2:00 - Gabi Procell
* 2:10 - Michael Hill
* 2:20 - Kinan Whyte
* 2:30 - David Davydov

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Ben Pepper
* 1:10 - Ryan David Workman
* 1:20 - Jasmin Hudacsek
* 1:30 - Chase Dunagan
* 1:40 - Jesse Spevack
* 1:50 - Brendan Dillon
* 2:00 - Nate Anderson
* 2:10 - Chris Calaway
* 2:20 - Dan Broadbent
* 2:30 - Brian Heim

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Then this afternoon finish off those projects.
