---
title: 20160205
layout: outline
---

## Posse Challenge Show & Tell (8:30 - 9:00)

* Alan Kay, Tim Berners-Lee, Fred Brooks, Donald Knuth: in the big workspace with @horace
* Ada Lovelace, Grace Hopper, James Golick, Weirich Posse:  in classroom B with @mike 
* Adele Goldberg, Dennis Ritchie, Ezra Zygmuntowicz, Yukihiro Matsumoto: in classroom A with @neight 

## Surveys

Please complete your survey by 5pm today. 

* [1511](https://docs.google.com/a/casimircreative.com/forms/d/1UJcJCcwBB8qiGdYqiqAvo2IZCOcYx-eGiOmMC4-IUc8/viewform)

## 1508

### Refactoring Ideabox (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve in Classroom C to live refactor his bad code.

##### Homework

This weekend, please complete the following assignment:

- Watch [Sorting Algorithms in JavaScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRyqlhjXYQI) and then fork [this gist][sort] and respond the question. (3 points)

[sort]: https://gist.github.com/stevekinney/9e9cfeb225c8133fda73

## 1510

### Intermediate SQL (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Tess in Classroom B to brush up on your SQL skills.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/intermediate_sql.md)

## 1511

#### Debugging Sinatra Errors & Blogging (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Mike in the big workspace. You'll need the `debugging` branch of [this repo](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/task-manager-transformation). How do you do that? Navigate into your `task-manager-transformation` repo from yesterday's Sequel lesson, then fetch all remote branches (`git fetch`) then checkout the debugging branch (`git checkout debugging`).

Pairs:

* Hedy Woo & Erinna Chen
* Allan Blair & Alexis Navarrete
* Scott Firestone & Brian Rippeto
* Adam Hundley & Admir Draganovic
* Charles Ellison & July Tran
* Kimiko Kano & Nicholas Dorans
* Nate Venn & Brennan Holtzclaw
* David Whitaker & Julian Feliciano
* Heidi Hoopes & Chelsea Johnson
* Nick Weiland & Adrienne Domingus

When you finish, write a blog post on anything that you learned in week 1. Over the course of this module, you should publish *at least two* blogs posts. You'll add these to your module 2 portfolio.

## Lightning Talks

* Michael Wong - Drones: For more than just spying on your neighbors
* Marlo Major - Write User Stories like a 12 year old
* Beth Sebian - Libertarian Paternalism: ways to use tech and choice architecture to help people make good decisions
* Edgar Duran - AR- Augmented Reality, seeing things differently.
* Tyler Komoroske - ClojureScript vs JavaScript
* Brian Rippeto - Community Transformation through Technology and Entrepreneurship
* Charles Ellison - Artificial intelligence: Bridging the gap
* Allan Blair - Go nuts for Golang!

## Student-Led Sessions & Electives

* How to create and use SVG's - With Robbie and Ross
* How to get started with Vim - Adam Jensen
* Getting Started With Phoenix - Torie and Pat
* Go Code Colorado - Aaron Greenspan and Dan Winter
* Tips for faster workflow in your text editor and OS - Alon (good for Module 1 students)
* How Ruby reads code - Justin Pease (good for Module 1 students)
* Thomas Pickett and Penney Garrett are offering pairing slots for Module 1 students. If you want to pair with either of them, send a DM on Slack to see if they have any openings. 