---
title: 20160226
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* parapraxis - noun - a slip of the tongue or pen, forgetfulness, misplacement of objects, or other error
thought to reveal unconscious wishes or attitudes.

Jorge committed a parapraxis when he said how much he loved semicolons. Wrap-up, punks.

### Posse Challenge Show and Tell (8:30 - 9:00)

* Alan Kay, Tim Berners-Lee, Fred Brooks, Donald Knuth: in the big workspace with @horace
* Ada Lovelace, Grace Hopper, James Golick, Weirich Posse:  in classroom B with @carmer
* Adele Goldberg, Dennis Ritchie, Ezra Zygmuntowicz, Yukihiro Matsumoto: in classroom A with @nate

### Surveys

At some point before 5pm today, please fill out and submit your survey:

* [1508](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1CFX-DVFyYTyN0WfQaidfo5GgY25zYu8r5AXRI8nAXw8/viewform)
* [1510](http://goo.gl/forms/etGHHY2GBW)
* [1511](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/19k8QgkXQQkmBW-XHU7XzvI7yRK_UYCnhhdLcEn-nLkQ/viewform)
* [1602](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1qPWgx7FmKS-OM3wL-C_2G-2iMadOSnTCNoDQf10Xq90/viewform)

### Gear Up (10:00 - 11:00)

Today we're trying some new things with Gear Up. People have volunteered to be
the group facilitators. Please find your group in the room below.

Please bring your **notebook** and **pen** but you won't need a computer. There'll be printouts
of everything you need at your group. For future reference the [plan with links is here](https://github.com/turingschool/gear-up/blob/master/allyship.markdown).

#### In Classroom A

* *Allan Blair* with Scott Firestone & Matt Pindell & Ashwin Rao & Gurusundesh Khalsa & Hector Huertas Baeza
* *Beth Sebian* with Mark Miranda & Alexis Navarrete & David Whitaker & Emily McClung & Patrick Hardy
* *Nicholas Dorans* with Marina Corona & Jason Pilz & Brant Wellman & Torie Warren & Dan Winter
* *Shannon Paige* with Cole Hall & Deborah Hamel & Christopher Soden & Sal Espinosa

#### In Classroom B

* *Aaron Greenspan* with Ilana Corson & Kimiko Kano & Ryan Johnson & Aaron Careaga & John Slota
* *Brenna Martenson* with Julian Feliciano & Adam Hundley & James Crockett & Jonathan Bernesser & Andrew Thompson
* *David Stinnette* with Ling Tran & Justin Pease & Jordan Lawler & Kris Foss
* *Ross Edfort* with Alireza Andersen & Michael Wong & Steve Pentler & Adam Jensen

#### In Classroom C

* *Sekhar Paladugu* with Joshua Washke & Nick Weiland & Tyler Komoroske & Steven Olson & Charles Ellison
* *Erinna Chen* with Joseph Perry & Brennan Holtzclaw & Claudia Kiesenhofer & Pat Wey & Matt Stjernholm
* *Jhun de Andres* with Matt DesMarteau & Jennifer Soden & Thomas Pickett & Toni Rib & Taylor Moore

#### In the Workspace

* *Jill Donohue* with Brian Rippeto & Greg Armstrong & Christine Gamble & Jeneve Parrish
* *July Tran* with Jared Roth & Robbie Lane & Nate Venn & Lenny Myerson & Chelsea Johnson
* *Kami Boers* with Amber Crawford & Admir Draganovic & Matt Rooney & Emily Dowdle & Edgar Duran
* *Penney Garrett* with Adrienne Domingus & Beth Secor & Heidi Hoopes & Colin Osborn & Jonathan Liss


### Guest Speaker: Rick Newman, VP of Engineering at WayIn (11:00 - 12:00)

Rick Newman has around 20 years of experience in the tech industry. He has worked Director of Engineering, Scrum Master, Software Developer and QA Engineer for places like Target, Rally Software, ReadyTalk and Wayin.

You can learn more about him here:

* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/newmanrick)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Yzard)
* [Wayin](http://wayin.com)

Gather in the Big Workspace.

### Lunch Roulette (12:00 - 1:15)

* Joseph Perry, Charles Ellison, Alireza Andersen, Allison
* Greg Armstrong, Nate Venn, Andrew Thompson, Joanne
* David Whitaker, Aaron Greenspan, Ashwin Rao, Jeff C.
* Christine Gamble, Edgar Duran, July Tran, Jorge
* Nicholas Dorans, Christopher Soden, Beth Sebian, Marissa
* Adrienne Domingus, Cole Hall, Claudia Kiesenhofer, Meeka
* Aaron Careaga, Nick Weiland, Colin Osborn, Steve
* Penney Garrett, Deborah Hamel,  Alexis Navarrete, Tess
* Taylor Moore, Emily Blanchard, Julian Feliciano, Lovisa
* Emily McClung, Chelsea Johnson, Robbie Lane, Josh
* Scott Firestone, , Pat Wey, Gurusundesh Khalsa, Rachel
* Justin Pease, Jared Roth, Ryan Johnson, Andrew
* Toni Rib, Joshua Washke, Kimiko Kano, Nate
* Erinna Chen, Matt Stjernholm, James Crockett, Mike
* Admir Draganovic, Jennifer Soden, Tyler Komoroske, Horace
* Charissa Lawrence, Adam Jensen, Jonathan Bernesser
* Hector Huertas Baeza, Brian Rippeto, Thomas Pickett
* Dan Winter, Jill Donohue, Ilana Corson, Heidi Hoopes
* Jeneve Parrish, Jason Pilz, Beth Secor, Allan Blair
* Emily Dowdle, Steven Olson, Jonathan Liss
* Kami Boers, Adam Hundley, Lenny Myerson
* Kris Foss, Brenna Martenson, Marlo Major
* Ling Tran, Shannon Paige, Ross Edfort
* Marina Corona, David Stinnette, Amber Crawford
* John Slota, Mark Miranda, Matt Rooney
* Matt DesMarteau, Jordan Lawler, Torie Warren
* Matt Pindell, Jhun de Andres, Sekhar Paladugu
* Patrick Hardy, Michael Wong, Steve Pentler
* Sal Espinosa, Brant Wellman, Brennan Holtzclaw

### Group Retro (1:15 - 1:50)

* 1508 - Big Workspace
* 1510 - Classroom B
* 1511 - Classroom C
* 1602 - Classroom A

### Lightning Talks (2:00 - 3:00)

* Nicole Hall The Antikythera Mechanism
* Brant Wellman - lolcommits gem and git commit messages
* Hector Huertas Baeza - From Rails to Phoenix
* James Crockett - Big O Notation
* Jordan Lawler - The Great Ball Game
* Marlo Major - How to Read a Book
* Michael Wong - Ethics in Automation
* Adrienne Domingus: Disposal & "recycling" of electronics
* Heidi Hoopes - < /XSS >: A Malicious User in a Robot World

### Student-Led Electives (3:00 - 4:00)

* *Intro to Node.js* with Julian Feliciano in **Classroom A**: Interested in learning Node.js but terrified of all those curly braces, semi-colons and asynchronous talk? Join me as we break down the differences between Ruby and Node and build out some small applications to whet your appetite!

* *Intro to Angular.js* with Matt Rooney & Matt Stjernhom in **Classroom B**: Learn the basics of AngularJS. The world’s most popular JS framework, even though it’s probably not the best... Jobs though?

* *Protocol Blog Writing Follow-Up: Writing Techniques* with Allison Reu Singer at **the Big Staff Table**: This session will dive more specifically into technical writing, focusing on how to write about code and other technical topics. We’ll look at exemplar blog posts on coding to critique the quality of their writing. Please bring a blog post that you are currently working on to share and get feedback.

* *Environmental Responsibility GearUp Workshop* with Beth Sebian et. al. at **kitchen table in big workspace**: In this Friday's student-led workshop, we'll pilot the an environmental responsibility GearUp we've drafted, assess readings and explore additional resources, and dissect our proposed discussion questions. If you believe in GearUp, come; if you want more from GearUp, come and rabble-rouse.

* *Podcasting with Brennan* in **the closet**:  We’ll be talking about how to make a technical/programming-related podcast, that doesn’t suck! (which is hard)

* *Technical Interview Prep* with Allan Blair & Erinna Chen in **Classroom C**: Are you stressed about what a technical interview entails and feel completely unprepared? Don’t know how to write on a whiteboard? Come and get your questions answered about technical interviews, practice your Big-O notation, share your knowledge about those data structures and algorithms, and just generally keep those Ruby skills sharp.

* *maxMSP & Jitter, Creating realtime dynamic audio/visual experiences* with Jordan Lawler in **Classroom B**: Max MSP is a visual GUI language comparable to Pure Data that allows for efficient,  intuitive, and dynamic audio/visual processing. (It allows you to do really really cool things with media).

* *Module 4 Cover Letters and Resumes* with Sekhar Paladugu in **Horace's Lair** (MODULE 4 STUDENTS ONLY)

## 1508

Join Meeka in Classroom C to work through the [Refactor Tractor lesson](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/js_refactor_tractor.md)

##### Refactor Buddy Pairs
* Jessica Goulding & Michael Wong
* Jason Pilz & Robbie Lane
* Torie Warren & Matt Rooney & Jill Donohue
* Adam Jensen & Tyler Komoroske
* Marlo Major & Ryan Johnson
* Ross Edfort & Amber Crawford
* Pat Wey & Aaron Careaga
* Sekhar Paladugu & Emily Dowdle
* Jhun de Andres & Matt Stjernholm

## 1510

"I'm just a PORO. Nobody loves me." - Queen

Join Josh in the Big Workspace to discuss a few ways to use POROs in Rails.

## 1511

Join Rachel in Classroom B to recap and refactor one lucky voluntold's Tool Chest.

## 1602

### EventManager

When you're not being evaluated, start working on your homework for the weekend, [EventManager](http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html).

You project for the final 2 weeks will deal extensively with CSV files and data processing. EventManager will introduce and give you practice with these concepts.

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 10:30)

#### With Horace
* 9:00 - Kami Boers
* 9:30 - Ashwin Rao

#### With Nate
* 9:00 - Jonathan Bernesser & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 9:30 - Christopher Soden  & Colin Osborn
* 10:00 - Kris Foss & Ling Tran

#### With Mike
* 9:00 - Alireza Andersen & Christine Gamble
* 9:30 - Claudia Kiesenhofer & Mark Miranda

#### With Tess
* 9:00 - Matt DesMarteau & Ilana Corson
* 9:30 - Joshua Washke & Marina Corona

#### With Lovisa
* 9:00 - Deborah Hamel & Thomas Pickett
* 9:30 - Jennifer Soden & Patrick Hardy

#### With Andrew
* 9:00 - Jonathan Liss & Andrew Thompson
* 9:30 - Jared Roth & Jeneve Parrish
