---
title: 20160523
layout: outline
---

## All

**melange** - _noun_ - a mixture; a melody


## 1511

### Firebase/Local Storage (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom C.

### Mystery lesson (10:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Time those games!


## 1602

### Getting started with OAuth (9:00 - 11:00)

Classroom B.

### JSON Fundamentals (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### APICurious (1:00 - 2:30)

[Notorious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGDmBLAPikU)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Let's get curious.


## 1603

### Rush Hour Evaluations and Active Record Obstacle Course (9:00 - 12:00)

#### Evaluations

You've put a lot of hard work into getting these projects and you should be proud of your work. Major 🔑 to success == Bring a notebook to your evaluation and take notes. When you get time put said notes into the notes section in your [portfolio](https://github.com/turingschool/portfolios)

with Jeff:

* 9:00  - Anna, Ryan, Charles
* 10:00 - Robert, Marcella, Jennifer

with Andrew:

* 9:00 -  Kerry, Parker, Brian
* 10:00 - Nick, Karina, Colin
* 11:00 - Lucy, Ilana, Erin

#### Finished with Evals / Waiting for Evals

When you're not getting evaluated, work on the [Active Record Obstacle Course](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/active_record_obstacle_course.markdown). YUNG-Jhun will be walking you through the obstacle course in the big workspace..
you can also just run this command to get the obstacle course on your machine.
`git clone -b activerecord-obstacle-course git@github.com:turingschool-examples/storedom.git`


### REST, Controllers, and Routing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

It's time for rails! Join Jeff in Classroom C to learn about REST, Controllers and routing in Rails.
Find the lesson plan [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rest_routing_and_controllers_in_rails.markdown)

### ERD Database Design (2:30 - 4:00)

Still in C. You'll be learning about Entity Relationship Diagramming - ERD's. The lesson plan can be found [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/entity-relationship-diagramming.md)


## 1605

### All: Testing Strategies (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Horace in Classroom A to test things.

### All: Arguments, Methods and Scopes (10:30 - 12:00)

Mike tags in to explain why you're getting that unknown local variable or method error.

### Echo: Sorting Suite Evals (1:00 - 3:30)

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Chris Concannon
* 1:20 - Nicole Marino
* 1:40 - Roberta Doyle
* 2:00 - Ryan Flach
* 2:20 - Trent Whitinger

### All: Pairing Patterns (1:00 - 3:30)

Classroom A, for Echoes, you will do this while you're not being evaluated.

### Echo: Project Kick Off (3:30 - 4:00)

Find Mike whereever he is.
