---
title: 20160627
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

**encephalon** - noun - the brain

NAME TAGS ALL WEEK.


## 1602

### Module 4 KickOff (9:00 - 11:00)

Gather ye all in Classroom B!

### Ideabox 2.0 Kickoff (11:00 - 12:00)

Those ideas won't box themselves, you know.

### Debugging JavaScript (1:00 - 2:30)

How to make sense of things when it all goes wrong.

### Instructor Pairing and Project Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Schedule TBD.


## 1603

### Module 3 KickOff (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C.

### The Pivot Kickoff (10:30 - 12:00)

The project everyone loves to hate.

Here are your teams for the Pivot:

* Kerry Sheldon & Nick Pisciotta & Marcella Wigg
* Lucy Fox & Anna Weisbrodt & Karina Gonzalez
* Brian Sayler & Christopher Soden & Erin Greenhalgh
* Jennifer Soden & Ryan Batty & Charles Kaminer & Deborah Hamel
* Colin Osborn & Robert Jaeger & Parker Phillips & Ilana Corson


### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Time to do the works.


## 1605

### Module 2 Intro and Goal Setting (9:00 - 10:30)

Big Workspace. Is where you will be. To set some goals. And move towards
those poles.

### Intro to Sinatara / Task Manager (10:30 - 12:00)

Big Workspace.

### Introduction to Bootstrap (1:00 - 4:00)

Pretty Pretty. Big Workspace.


## 1606 - Back End

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet in Classroom A. If you don't know where Classroom A is, make a new friend
and ask them!

### Tour and Getting Started (9:00 - 9:30)

Mike will take you on a grand tour of the surrounding area.

### Success at Turing (9:30 - 11:30)

Horace will talk to you about what it takes to be successful at Turing.

### Introducing Portfolios and Personal Goal Setting (11:30 - 12:00)

Beth will talk to you next about Portfolios.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You got to know all about us, now it's time for us to know about you. Stay in
Classroom A, lunch is on us.

### Echo: Ruby in 90 Minutes (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Mike at the Staff conference table.

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (1:00 - 3:00)

Join Beth in Classroom A.

### All: Drills Kickoff (3:00 - 3:30)

Kicking off those Drills in Classroom A.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/drills.markdown)

### Echo: Robodoku Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace at the Staff table.

### Foxtrot: Credit Check Kick Off / Drills Office Hours (3:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A with Mike and Beth.

### Foxtrot Homework

[SuperFizz](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/super_fizz.markdown)
