---
title: 20160511
layout: outline
---
## All

### Word of the Day:

**turpitude** - _noun_ - vile, shameful, or base character; depravity

## 1511

### Testing Ideabox Strategies (9:00 - 12:00)

Meet with Meeka & Louisa in Classroom B.

#### 9:00 to 9:45: Peer Reviews

Meet up in the following groups to peer review your implementations of IdeaBox so far. Focus specifically on testing strategies that you've used so far.

Plan to spend ~10 minutes on each project

* Erinna Chen & Adam Hundley & Nick Weiland
* Adrienne Domingus & Julian Feliciano & David Whitaker
* Scott Firestone & Chelsea Johnson & Brennan Holtzclaw
* July Tran & Nate Venn & Nicholas Dorans & Heidi Hoopes
* Brian Rippeto & Taylor Moore & Kimiko Kano

#### 9:45 to 10:30: Lecture: Unit Testing JavaScript in Rails

You'll be introduced to some ways to unit test JavaScript in Rails.

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/testing_javascript_in_rails.markdown)

- [Second Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/full_stack_integration_testing_with_selenium.markdown)

#### 10:30 to 12:00: Implementation

Meet back up with your testing groups above and work (as a group or individually) on:

  - Finding unit-testable parts of your JavaScript code to refactor out

  - Setting up unit testing (with Teaspoon or in any other way you feel is appropriate)

  - Setting up feature testing (if not set up already)

### Project Work Time and Check In Overflow (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Meeka

 * 1:15: Kimiko Kano
 * 1:45: Nate Venn

#### With Louisa

- 1:15: July Tran
- 1:45: Julian Feliciano

## 1602

### Multi Tenancy Authorization (9:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace.
[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/multitenancy_authorization.md)

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Pivot Away!


## 1603

### Peer Review: HTML/CSS/Bootstrap (9:00 - 10:00)

Get with your partner and talk about the styling you implemented in your TaskManger app for homework last night. [Here](https://gist.github.com/Carmer/52b20bbe29d89dfa3f00) are some things to talk about/think about during your review session.

* Erin Greenhalgh & Ilana Corson
* Marcella Wigg & Ryan Batty
* Nick Pisciotta & Charles Kaminer
* Colin Osborn & Christine Gamble
* Parker Phillips & Kerry Sheldon
* Jennifer Soden & Brian Sayler
* Anna Weisbrodt & Robert Jaeger
* Lucy Fox & Karina Gonzales

### CRUD Review (10:00 - 10:30)

Come to Classroom C to review some CRUD.

### Model Testing in Sinatra (10:30 - 12:00)

Join Andrew in Classroom C to talk about Model Testing in CRUD

### Templating with ERB (1:00 - 2:30)

Jeff is sick and decided to keep his germs at home, boo! But you've got a sweet exercise on ERB waiting for you, yay!

Go to Classroom C where you will:

* Sit with the pair listed below
* Work together through the [Templating with ERB](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/templating_with_erb.markdown) lesson
* In this exercise you're supposed to be lost and confused. Fight through. If you get
stuck your pair is there to bail you out. If you get really stuck, ask another pair. If you get REALLY, REALLY stuck then Rachel is available for questions until 2pm.
* If you aren't able to finish by 2:30, please finish for homework

#### Pairings

* Robert Jaeger & Jennifer Soden
* Kerry Sheldon & Charles Kaminer
* Ilana Corson & Anna Weisbrodt
* Lucy Fox & Nick Pisciotta
* Ryan Batty & Colin Osborn
* Matt DesMarteau & Parker Phillips
* Marcella Wigg & Brian Sayler
* Christine Gamble & Erin Greenhalgh & Karina Gonzalez

### Nokogiri (2:30 - 3:00)

After you finish with ERB we'll have a short exercise to introduce you to Nokogiri.

Continue with the same pair to work through [this short tutorial & exercise](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_nokogiri.markdown) that'll help you get started with the tool.

The hardest part might be getting Nokogiri installed, unfortunately. It can take
different steps on different machines depending on other things you've installed
before. Please help each other out with some debugging and reading the error messages.

### Acceptance testing with Capybara (3:00 - 4:00)

It's the homestretch! Stay in Classroom C to talk about acceptance testing with Capybara 🐻 and Andrew.

## 1605

### All: Introducing Arrays (9:00 - 10:30)

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/arrays_and_hashes.markdown)

Classroom A with Horace.

### All: Exploring .each and Exercises (10:30 - 12:00)

Mike tags in.  Stay in Classroom A.

### Echo: Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Work away on ye projects.

### Foxtrot: Drills Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Horace

* 1:00 - Ben Pepper
* 1:10 - David Tinianow
* 1:20 - Garrett Smestead
* 1:30 - Yoseph Anderson
* 1:40 - Jason Hanna
* 1:50 - Kris Sparks

#### With Mike

* 1:00 - Matthew Campbell
* 1:10 - Nate Anderson
* 1:20 - Raphael Barbo
* 1:30 - Zachary Forbing
* 1:40 - Linda McCartney
* 1:50 - Luigi Aversano
* 2:00 - Angela Lindow


#### With Rachel

* 2:30 - Caleb Cowen
* 2:40 - Brandon Randall
* 2:50 - Josh Cohen
* 3:00 - Patrick Wentz
