---
title: 20160815
layout: outline
---

## Announcements


## All

NAME TAGS ALL WEEK

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

It's in the Big Workspace


## 1603

### Module 4 KickOff (9:30 - 11:00)

Gather up in Classroom C. We will go over what it means to be in Module 4, balancing job hunting with learning, the points system, and more.

- [The Module 4 Mothership](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1603/module_4_assignments)

### Ideabox 2.0 Kickoff (11:00 - 12:00)

Meeka kicks off your very first project.

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/revenge_of_idea_box.markdown)
- [Project Submission Form](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1603/module_4_assignments/ideabox2.0)

### Debugging JavaScript (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom C.

We kick off our very first lesson!

- Clone down [idea-bin](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/idea-bin)

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/debugging_javascript.markdown)

### (Optional) Fundamentals: DOM Manipulation with JavaScript (2:30 - 4:00)

If you're feeling like you want a refresher on DOM manipulation with JavaScript - check out this optional self directed lesson:

[DOM Manipulation with JavaScript](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/dom-manipulation-with-javascript.html)

Otherwise, dig in and get started with IdeaBox!

### Homework

[ES6 Assignment](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/4c0784c9aa2f427017891c05a46bf7a2) (5 points)

## 1605

### The Pivot Kickoff (9:30 - 11:00)

Classroom B.

* Kris Sparks & Karina Gonzalez & Zachary Forbing & Christopher Concannon
* Roberta Doyle & Nicole Marino & Deb Hamel & Michael Lane Winham
* David Tinianow & Patrick Wentz & Jason Hanna & Yoseph Anderson
* Angela Lindow & Caleb Cowen & Tommasina Miller & Linda McCartney
* Garrett Smestad & Ryan Flach & Matthew Packer
* Trent Whitinger & Matthew Campbell & Jennifer Soden

### The Pivot Work Time and Check Ins (11:00 - 4:00)

#### Check Ins with Sally (In Person)

Starting at 1pm

* Kris Sparks & Karina Gonzalez & Zachary Forbing & Christopher Concannon
* Roberta Doyle & Nicole Marino & Deb Hamel & Michael Lane Winham
* David Tinianow & Patrick Wentz & Jason Hanna & Yoseph Anderson


## 1606-B

### Module 2 Intro and Goal Setting (9:30 - 10:30)

Big Workspace

### Introduction to Sinatra / Task Manager (10:30 - 12:00)

Big Workspace.

### Introduction to Bootstrap (1:00 - 4:00)

Classroom B.


## 1608-B

### Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Big Workspace.

### State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Find out what's going on at Turing.  Stay in the Big Workspace.

### Tour and Getting Started (9:30 - 10:00)

Mike will give you a tour of the space and neighborhood.

### Success at Turing (10:00 - 11:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A.

### Introduction to Portfolios and Personal Goal Setting (11:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

### Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You know about us, now it's time to get to know you. Lunch is on us.

### Echo: Ruby in 90 Minutes (1:00 - 3:00)

Location TBD.

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (1:00 - 3:00)

Location TBD.

### All: Drills Kickoff (3:00 - 3:30)

Classroom A.

### Echo: Sorting Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

Go find Beth.

### Foxtrot: Credit Check Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

Let's make sure everything is working.

### Homework

* Echo: Sorting, Super Fizz
* Foxtrot: Working with Strings and Integers
* All: Listing Files, Working with Files, and Working With Directories
