---
title: 20160209
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day:

* sagacity - noun acuteness of mental discernment and soundness of judgement

### Posse Challenge - CODEBREAKERS (8:30 - 9:00)

* [Codebreakers](https://gist.github.com/mikedao/b855ac8a2ca21a00662f)

Reminder, you don't have to work on it from 8:30 - 9:00, so long as everyone
in your posse agrees.

8:30 am Friday Morning is when we present our solutions and talk about it.


## 1508

### Homework

[Writing Testable JavaScript - Rebecca Murphey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzjogCFO4Zo) from Full Frontal 2012 (award for worst conference name ever?)

Watch ^ and then fork [this gist](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/b6dbcdc937b45563b2e4) and respond to the question. (3 points)

### A Test-Driven Approach to Game Time (9:00 - 11:00)

Meet with Meeka in Classroom C to talk about test-driving your Game Time applications.

### BRONCOS PARADE (or project work time and lunch) (11:00 - 2:00)

Go check out the parade, if you're feeling saucy. Or work on your project. Or have a really, absurdly, profoundly long lunch.

### Project Check Ins and Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

- You Will Need to [Create a GameTime Project Folder](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime).
- Complete the [First Check In Form & README](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime/template/check_in1.markdown) prior to checkins.

#### With Lovisa

* 2:00: Amber Crawford & Sekhar Paladugu
* 2:30: Jason Pilz & Ryan Johnson
* 3:00: Pat Wey & Torie Warren

#### With Steve

* 2:00: Matt Rooney & Adam Jensen
* 2:30: Matt Stjernholm & Emily Dowdle
* 3:00: Jhun de Andres & Aaron Careaga

#### With Meeka

* 2:00: Robbie Lane & Ross Edfort
* 2:30: Marlo Major & Michael Wong
* 3:00: Jill Donohue & Tyler Komoroske


## 1510

### Fundamental Rails Security (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### Sending Email (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Check-Ins and Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA


## 1511

### Rush Hour Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Rush those hours.

### Rush Hour Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBA.


## 1602

### All: Getting Started with Git (9:00 - 11:30)

Classroom A with Horace.

### All: Debugging Techniques (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Mike in Classroom A.

### Work Time (2:30 - 4:00)

Work Away on Your Projects!

### One on Ones

#### With Horace
* 2:30 - Alireza Andersen
* 2:40 - Andrew Thompson
* 2:50 - Ashwin Rao
* 3:00 - Christine Gamble
* 3:10 - Christopher Soden

#### With Mike
* 2:30 - Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 2:40 - Ilana Corson
* 2:50 - Jared Roth
* 3:00 - Jeneve Parrish
* 3:10 - Jennifer Soden

#### With Nate
* 2:30 - Kris Foss
* 2:40 - Ling Tran
* 2:50 - Marina Corona
* 3:00 - Mark Miranda
* 3:10 - Matt DesMarteau
