---
title: 20160701
layout: outline
---


## Weekly Surveys

- [1602]()
- [1603](http://goo.gl/forms/kEQwv8qYxtce04X42)
- [1605]()
- [1606-B]()

## All

### Guest Speaker at the Champus (9:00 - 10:00)

We will be meeting at The Commons On Champa.

1245 Champa St
Denver, CO 80204
Third Floor

#### Mike Pack:

- LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikepackdev
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/mikepack_
- Website: http://www.mikepackdev.com/

**Mike will be speaking about "Client Project Workflow”**

From sales to delivery to advisory, there are lot of moving parts involved in shipping the right thing and being a great consultant. This talk will cover them all, with a focus on how juniors fit into the picture.

**Who is Mike Pack?**

Mike is the Director of Mode Set where he is solving business problems with Ruby, JavaScript, and more. He has experience taking products to market, scaling platforms and teams, and executing long term visions.

It's been said that "when it comes to engineering, he [Mike] is a craftsman’s craftsman. He writes beautiful, well designed code that is easy to understand and maintain. His strong grasp of computer science theory and exceptional communication skills, combined with his humble demeanor, make working with him an enjoyable experience."

​**What is Mode Set:**

A software consultancy specializing in web and mobile application development. Created by four developers with a passion for quality and creativity. They are experts at operating in fast-paced, rapidly-changing environments and rapidly delivering working software, with a nimble process that encourages transparency and short feedback cycles.

### Instructional Time (10:00 - 11:30)

#### 1602

#### 1603

Classroom C

Re-DTR with your pivot team

With the remaining time, we'll be doing a personal project group brainstorm. Bring some ideas for the personal project, whether you'd like to do that idea or not.

#### 1605

#### 1606-B

### State of Turing (11:30 - 12:00)

Jeff reads some numbers from a document in the big workspace. Bring a chair.

### Lunch Roulette (12:00 - 1:15)

[Lunch Roulette Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-NUc9JB2jkAAgGR5UyuSC_L_TPRHuCejPLdCWLyVOYw/edit#gid=0)

### Gear Up (1:15 - 2:15)

### Student Led Sessions (2:15 - 3:45)

#### Blog Writing - Allison - 1 Week
#### Mod 1 & 2 Support - Hopper Posse - Recurring
#### Rust (Low Level Languages) - Matt Pindell - Recurring
#### Interview Prep with Interview Cake - Jonathan Bernesser - Recurring
#### All Your References Are Belong to Us (C++) - Jon Liss - 2-3 Weeks
#### The Principles of Design Applied to Code - Jeneve Parrish - 1 week
#### Civic Tech Guest Speaker Presented by Pahlka Posse (remote) - Dan Melton (CTO of Neighborly; former CTO of Code for America) - 1 Week
#### Building Video Games with Unity - Miyamoto Posse (Ryan Batty) - Recurring

### Group Retros (3:45 - 4:00)

#### 1602

Classroom B

#### 1603

Classroom A

#### 1605

#### 1606-B
