---
title: 20160208
layout: outline
---
## All

### Word of the Day:

* nugatory - adjective - of no real value; trifling; worthless

### Friday Lunch Roulette Groups

* TBA

### Posse Challenge

* Challenge goes here.

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)



## 1508

### Homework

Read [Node.js, Require and Exports][rblog] and [Organize Your Code with RequireJS][rblog2]

- Fork [this gist][rgist] and respond the question. (3 points)

[rblog]: http://openmymind.net/2012/2/3/Node-Require-and-Exports/
[rblog2]: http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/organize-your-code-with-requirejs
[rgist]: https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/706de83a136d69ce54a7

### Morning Challenge (9:00 - 10:00)

Create an interface that meets the following criteria:

1. It starts out with five buttons.
2. When you click the first button, it alerts the us that "Button #1" has been clicked.
3. The equivalent works for the second, third, fourth, and fifth buttons.
4. There is an additional button for adding new buttons.
5. When added and subsequently clicked, the sixth button will log that "Button #6" was clicked.

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Amber Crawford & Adam Jensen
* Aaron Careaga & Matt Stjernholm
* Matt Rooney & Sekhar Paladugu
* Jason Pilz & Emily Dowdle
* Tyler Komoroske & Marlo Major
* Michael Wong & Ryan Johnson
* Pat Wey & Torie Warren
* Jill Donohue & Ross Edfort
* Jhun de Andres & Robbie Lane

### Object-Oriented JavaScript with HTML5 Canvas (10:00 - 12:00)

Join Steve in Classroom C.

- [Lesson Plan](https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/03-object-oriented-javascript/03-canvas-and-object-oriented-javascript.md)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Jhun de Andres & Matt Rooney
* Emily Dowdle & Matt Stjernholm
* Jason Pilz & Sekhar Paladugu
* Torie Warren & Marlo Major
* Aaron Careaga & Pat Wey
* Michael Wong & Ryan Johnson
* Robbie Lane & Amber Crawford
* Adam Jensen & Ross Edfort
* Jill Donohue & Tyler Komoroske

### Game Time Kickoff and WebPack Overview (1:00 - 2:30)

Join Steve in Classroom C.

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/gametime_project.markdown)
- [Project Submission Folder](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

* Jhun de Andres & Aaron Careaga
* Amber Crawford & Sekhar Paladugu
* Robbie Lane & Ross Edfort
* Pat Wey & Torie Warren
* Matt Rooney & Adam Jensen
* Jason Pilz & Ryan Johnson
* Marlo Major & Michael Wong
* Jill Donohue & Tyler Komoroske
* Matt Stjernholm & Emily Dowdle

- You Will Need to [Create a GameTime Project Folder](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime).
- Complete the [First Check In Form & README](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/blob/master/1508/module_4_assignments/gametime/template/check_in1.markdown) prior to checkins tomorrow afternoon.

## 1510

### Traversing the DOM with jQuery (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

## DOM Events with jQUery (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Do the things.


## 1511

### Project Review (9:00 - 9:30)

Big Workspace

### Rush Hour Kickoff (9:30 - 10:00)

Big Workspace

### Introduction to Project Management (10:00 - 11:30)

Guess where?

### Visualizing and Implementing Database Relationships (11:30 - 12:00)

Big Workspace

### Introduction to ActiveRecord with Sinatra (1:00 - 2:30)

Big Workspace


## 1602

### All: Problems, Solutions and Algorithms (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A.

### Echo: Mastermind Evals (10:30 - 12:00)

### With Mike
* 10:30 - Marina Corona
* 11:00 - Jonathan Bernesser
* 11:30 - Kami Boers

### With Horace
* 10:30 - Matt Pindell
* 11:00 - Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 11:30 - Sal Espinosa

### With Tess
* 10:30 - Andrew Thompson
* 11:00 - Jonathan Liss
* 11:30 - Joshua Washke

### Foxtrot: How Testing Works (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

### Echo: How Binary Search Trees Work / Project Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Staff Conference Table.

### Foxtrot: How Linked Lists Work / Project Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom A.
