---
title: 20160321
layout: outline
---

# All

## Word of the Day

**acclimate** - _verb_ - to accustom or become accustomed to a new climate, environment, or situation.

## Welcome 1603

Feel free to introduce yourselves to anyone you don't recognize.

Name tags, all week!

## Friday Lunch Roulette

Get ready to meet some of your fellow Turing students with Friday Lunch Roulette! Early this week, find your group listed below and decide on a plan for Friday lunch (go out to eat, bring lunch to Turing, etc.). Just please make sure that'll stay in the 12:00 - 1:15pm window.

# 1510

## State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace.

## Module 4 Kickoff (9:30 - 11:00)

Meet in Classroom C with Meeka, Steve, and Tess. Steve will go over what it means to be in Module 4, balancing job hunting with learning, the point system, and more.

- [Module 4 Cheatsheet](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/042665ce6d3a0c265a05)
- [Extra Credit and Submissions](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1510/module_4_assignments/extra-credit)

## Ideabox 2.0 Kickoff (11:00 - 12:00)

Stay in Classroom C as Meeka kicks off your very first project.

- [Project Specification](https://github.com/turingschool/curriculum/blob/master/source/projects/revenge_of_idea_box.markdown)
- [Project Submission Form](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-submissions/tree/master/1510/module_4_assignments/ideabox2.0)

## Project Work Time and Instructor Pairing (1:00 - 4:00)

It's time to start boxing those ideas.

Meeka and Tess will be in the Big Workspace for all of your questioning needs.

# 1511

## State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace.

## Meet your instructors (9:30 - 10:30)

You'll be spending a lot of time with us, and we'd like take some time to get to know each other

## The Pivot: The Kickoff (10:30 - 12:00)

You'll be working in groups for this project:

- Erinna Chen, David Whitaker, Chelsea Johnson
- Alexis Navarrete, Nate Venn, Adam Hundley
- Charissa Lawrence, Nick Weiland, Kimiko Kano
- Adrienne Domingus, Scott Firestone, Brian Rippeto
- Jerrod Junker, July Tran, Julian Feliciano, Heidi Hoopes
- Brennan Holtzclaw, Nicholas Dorans, Allan Blair, Lenny Myerson

## Project Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

## Small Groups (2:30 - 4:00)

# 1602

## State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace.

## Module 2 Kickoff and Goal Setting (9:30 - 10:30)

Meet in the Big Workspace with Rachel and Andrew. You'll want to bookmark the following links:

* [Calendar for Module 2](https://www.google.com/calendar/render?cid=Y2FzaW1pcmNyZWF0aXZlLmNvbV9ycHMyaGcxbmZxamloNHJjbDNnbDZzNGxwa0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t#main_7)
* [Module 2 Course Outline](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/README.md)
* [Module 2 Homework](https://github.com/turingschool/turing-homework/blob/master/module-2-homework.markdown)

## Intro to Sinatra/Task Manager (10:30 - 12:00)

Big Workspace STILL. [Here is our check for understanding.](https://gist.github.com/Carmer/f382765ddcc76d709db9) answer the questions in the comments 

## Intro to Bootsrap (1:00 - 4:00)

Guess who wrote the initial version of this lesson. I bet you can't tell. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_bootstrap.markdown).

# 1603

## Staff Introductions (8:30 - 9:00)

Meet in Classroom A to meet all of us. If you don't know where that is, ask someone.  : )

No seriously, just ask someone, it's easier than describing it.

## State of Turing (9:00 - 9:30)

Head over to the Big Workspace.

## Tour and Getting Started (9:30 - 10:00)

Meet back up in Classroom A.

## All: Success at Turing (10:00 - 11:30)

We will start you back Classroom A.

## All: Starting Portfolios and Personal Goal Setting (11:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

## All: Student Introduction Lunch (12:00 - 1:00)

You've met all of us, now we want to know all about you.

## Echo: Strings the Hard Way (1:00 - 3:00)

Meet Mike at the Staff conference table.

## Foxtrot: Strings and Integers (1:00 - 3:00)

Classroom A with Horace.

## All: Drills Kickoff (3:00 - 3:30)

Get back together in Classroom C.

## Echo: Project Kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

But it's your first day?!!? Back to the Staff table.

## Foxtrot: Drills Setup Office Hours (3:30 - 4:00)

Lovisa and Horace will be around if you need help setting up your drills.
