---
title: 20160802
layout: outline
---

## All

### Announcements

Sign Up Your Projects to Demo on [Thursday Night Demo Night](http://www.meetup.com/Turing-Community-Events/events/232879633/)

[Sign Up Here](https://goo.gl/forms/xFnaV0Ms1ZSGC9Wn2)

## 1602

[Final Countdown Document](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/35784c39bc7dcb8561fcbd68ef34c98f)

### Final Assessment (ALL DAY)

You have all day to wrap up the mock assessment/assigned improvements.

### One on Ones (ALL DAY)

Sign up for (optional) one on ones [with Meeka here](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/instructor-pairing).

### Pairing with Mod 3 (1:00 - 4:00)

Those of you not taking the final assessment will be lending a hand to mod 3
on their personal projects.

- Christopher Soden & Jon Liss
- Parker Phillips & Alex Navarrete
- Drew Thompson & Deborah Hamel
- Sal Espinosa & Lucy Fox
- Patrick Hardy & Nick Pisciotta
- Mark Miranda & Ilana Corson
- Brian Sayler & Josh Washke
- Sunny Khalsa & Ryan Batty

## 1603

### Final Assessment (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Pairing with Mod 4 (1:00 - 4:00)

- Christopher Soden & Jon Liss
- Mark Miranda & Ilana Corson
- Parker Phillips & Alex Navarrete
- Drew Thompson & Deborah Hamel
- Sal Espinosa & Lucy Fox
- Patrick Hardy & Nick Pisciotta
- Josh Washke & Brian Sayler
- Sunny Khalsa & Ryan Batty

## 1605

### Intro to jQuery (9:00 - 10:00)

Classroom C.

### Filtering with jQuery (10:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Little Shop Work Time / Mod 2 Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Andrew

* 1:00 - 1:45 - Angela Lindow
* 1:45 - 2:30 - David Tinianow
* 2:30 - 3:15 - Garrett Smestad
* 3:15 - 4:00 - Jason Hanna
* 4:00 - 4:45 - Zachary Forbin

#### With Casey

* 1:00 - 1:45 - Patrick Wentz
* 1:45 - 2:30 - Caleb Cowen
* 2:30 - 3:15 - Tommasina Miller
* 3:15 - 4:00 - Kris Sparks
* 4:00 - 4:45 - Yoseph Anderson

## 1606-B

### How Computers and Electronics Work (9:00 - 11:00)

Start with Jeff in Classroom A where we'll go back to the beginning.

### Binary, Octal, and Hex (11:00 - 12:00)

Continue in Classroom A to apply some of those ideas into Binary, Octal, and
Hex number systems with Mike.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

You've had a lot of work time and are nearing the finish. Remember to ask
yourself: what am I *practicing*? Are you cutting corners? Sliding messes under
the rug? Building both a foundation and structure that you're proud of?
