---
title: 20160728
layout: outline
---

## All

### Announcements

## 1602

### CSS Fun Times (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### Regex Fun Times (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### Stand Ups (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom B.

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 2:30)

### Job Hunt Strategy and Workshop (2:30 - 4:00)

Classroom B.


## 1603

### Caching Strategies in Rails (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Josh

* Karina Gonzalez
* Brian Sayler
* Parker Phillips
* Robert Jaeger
* Charles Kaminer
* Christopher Soden

#### With Sally (In Person)

* Deborah Hamel
* Colin Osborn
* Kerry Sheldon
* Erin Greenhalgh

#### With Nate

* Jennifer Soden
* Ilana Corson
* Lucy Fox
* Nick Pisciotta
* Ryan Batty
* Marcella Wigg
* Anna Weisbrodt


## 1605

### Pushing Logic Down the Stack (9:00 - 11:00)

Classroom C.

### Callbacks and Scopes (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C.

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

Schedule TBD.


## 1606-B

Today is a heavy work day. When you're not in check-ins, you're working on your
project.

It's a good point to take a step back and ask:

* where did we think we'd be here on day 4?
* what have we learned since starting the project?
* are we staying true to the patterns and ideals we laid out?

Then set some goals for where you're going to be at the end of the day -- and do it.

### Project Check Ins (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Mike

* 9:00 - Jasmin & Jesse
* 9:45 - Calaway & Kinan
* 10:30 - Dan & David
* 11:45 - Chase & Vido

#### With Beth

* 9:00 -  Mike & Alisher
* 10:30 - Brendan & Brian
* 11:15 - Ryan and Gabi

#### With Jeff

* 9:45 - Nate & Jean
* 10:30 - Raphael & Susi
* 11:15 - Ben & Bryan

### 1-on-1s

This afternoon we'll get through everyone's 1-on-1s. Schedule forthcoming.
