---
title: 20160106
layout: outline
---

## All

* kvell - verb - to be extraordinarily pleased; especially, to be bursting
with pride, as over one's family.

(True Facts: This is how we feel about all of you.)

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

[Warm Up](https://thewarmup.herokuapp.com)

[Pull requests accepted](https://github.com/mikedao/the-warm-up).

### Module 3 Cleanup

## 1507

### Performance Dojo (9:00 - 12:00)

Head to Classroom B (back home, where it's safe) where you will sharpen the edge to your coding blade with the your sensei, Horace M. B. X. G. Williams.

In preparation for our performance crash course, please take a moment to do 2 things:

1. make sure you have redis installed and running on your machine (you know it's working when you can run `redis-cli` and get the redis prompt.
2. clone the `blogger-perf-workshop` branch of the JSBlogger project. You can do this with `git clone -b blogger-perf-workshop https://github.com/JumpstartLab/blogger_advanced.git`

### Mini-Scale Up (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon you'll be working through a scaled-down, [Scale-Up](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_04-apis_and_scalability/scaled_down_scale_up.markdown). Horace and Lovisa are on hand for questions.

### Pairing with Nate (2:30 - 3:30)

- 2:30 - 3:00: MB
- 3:00 - 3:30: Jeff

### One-on-Ones (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Steve

- 1:00 - Mike
- 1:20 - George
- 1:40 - Tyler

#### With Meeka

- 1:00 - MB
- 1:20 - Ricky
- 1:40 - Justin

## 1508

### Project Work Time and 1-on-1s (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Andrew

* (9:00) - Amber Crawford
* (9:15) - Marlo Major
* (9:30) - Ross Edfort
* (9:45) - Jhun de Andres
* (10:00) - Aaron Careaga
* (10:15) - Matt Stjernholm
* (10:30) - Matt Rooney
* (10:45) - Torie Warren
* (11:00) - Jerrod Paul Junker
* (11:15) - John Slota

#### With Tess

* (9:00) - Sekhar Paladugu
* (9:15) - Emily Dowdle
* (9:30) - Jason Pilz
* (9:45) - Edgar Duran
* (10:00) - Pat Wey
* (10:15) - Tyler Komoroske
* (10:30) - Robbie Lane
* (10:45) - Justin Pease
* (11:00) - Nicole Hall
* (11:15) - Michael Wong

#### With Josh

* (11:00) - Jill Donohue
* (11:15) - Ryan Johnson
* (11:30) - Adam Jensen
* (11:45) - Shannon Paige

### Trelora Pitch (1:00 - 2:00)

Meet in the Big Workspace

### Project Work Time (2:00 - 4:00)

## 1510

### Routing in Rails (9:00 - 10:30)

This morning, Mike will teach you how to pronounce route correctly.

### Authorization (10:30 - 12:00)

You learned you some authentication yesterday. Today, you meet its twin sibling,
Authorization.

### Mid-Module Assessments (1:00 - 4:00)

With Mike:

* 1:00 Lenny Myerson
* 1:45 Brenna Martenson
* 2:30 Jordan Lawler

With Nate:

* 1:00 Steven Olson
* 1:45 Toni Rib

With Andrew:

* 1:15 Penney Garrett

## 1511

### All: Working with Ruby Modules (9:00 - 11:00)

Join Sensei Cheek in **Classroom A** to talk about
Ruby's Module system.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/modules.markdown)

### All: Cross-Team Pairing (11:00 - 12:00)

Get together with the classmate listed below. Spend the hour exploring each other's code. Consider some of these questions:

* What is similar between your implementations? Are there similarities beyond what you used from the tutorial?
* What's different? Try and get deeper than the characters on the screen -- what's different about *the approach*?
* Any key insights that can accelerate your work?

#### Pairings

* Heidi Hoopes & Alex Navarrete
* Julian Feliciano & Nicholas Dorans
* Erinna Chen & Scott Firestone
* Allan Blair & Kimiko Kano
* Matt Desmarteau & July Tran
* Nick Weiland & Marina Corona
* Hedy Woo & Adam Hundley
* Nathan Venn & Thomas Pickett
* Admir Draganovic & Adrienne Domingus
* David Whitaker & Alireza Andersen
* Chelsea Johnson & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Matt Pindell & Brennan Holtzclaw
* Matthew Packer & Deborah Hamel
* Brian Rippeto & Charles Ellison

### All: Work Time and 1-on-1s (1:00 - 4:00)

This afternoon you can push forward with your work. Make sure to share and reflect
on what you learned in your cross-team pairing.

We're going to get on our 1-on-1 game today and tomorrow.

#### Meeting with Josh Cheek

* 1:00 -- Erinna Chen
* 1:15 -- Heidi Hoopes
* 1:30 -- Brian Rippeto
* 1:45 -- Deborah Hamel
* 2:00 -- Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 2:15 -- July Tran
* 2:30 -- Scott Firestone
* 2:45 -- Julian Feliciano

#### Meeting with Horace

* 1:00 -- Nicholas Dorans
* 1:15 -- David Whitaker
* 1:30 -- Alexis Navarrete
* 1:45 -- Charles Ellison
* 2:00 -- Thomas Pickett
* 2:15 -- Adam Hundley
* 2:30 -- Chelsea Johnson
* 2:45 -- Alireza Andersen
