---
title: 20160222
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day:

* celerity - noun - swiftness; speed.

### Friday Lunch Roulette Groups

To Be Determined

### Posse Challenge - (8:30 - 9:00)

Challenge TBD.

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)

Details forthcoming.


## 1508

## Fecho

### Fecho Lesson (9:00 - 12:00)

(optional for Boxtrot)

Classroom C.

### Work Time (1:00 - 2:30)

Not Classroom C.

## Boxtrot

### Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

- Attend Steve's lesson in classroom C OR
- Make sure you have [LookingFor](https://github.com/LookingForMe/lookingfor) cloned and running locally
- Read through the code base and write down any questions or anything that you notice is unfamiliar.
- Look through the [existing issues](https://github.com/LookingForMe/lookingfor/issues)
- You can claim an issue by assigning it to yourself/commenting on it and create new issues
- Brainstorm features that are not outlined in existing issues
- Come hang out in the staff area with Meeka

### Daily Stand Up & Whiteboarding (1:00 - 2:30)

(optional for Fecho)

Classroom C.

## 1510

### Building and Securing an API (9:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### Rales Engine Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom B.


## 1511

### MixMaster Q & A (9:00 - 9:30)

Join Rachel in the Big Workspace.

### What is Polymorphism? (9:30 - 10:00)

Let's talk about Polymorphism.

* Watch [this RailsCast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOFAcbxdWjY) up to 3:30.
* Read [this blog post](https://richonrails.com/articles/polymorphic-associations-in-rails) and stop when you see the `rails g controller` stuff.
* Work in pairs to create the migrations and models that would represent this sitaution: The principal of a school needs to keep track of her meetings with students, parents, and employees. Create four models (`Student`, `Parent`, `Employee`, and `Meeting`) so that the first three models can have many meetings, and a meeting can belong to either a student, parent, or employee. Try out your associations in the console (`rails c`). Refer back to the RailsCast if you've forgotten how to do that.

#### Pairs

* Scott Firestone & Julian Feliciano
* Adam Hundley & Kimiko Kano
* Nicholas Dorans & David Whitaker
* Brennan Holtzclaw & Erinna Chen
* Allan Blair & July Tran
* Alexis Navarrete & Nate Venn
* Charles Ellison & Adrienne Domingus
* Heidi Hoopes & Admir Draganovic
* Chelsea Johnson & Nick Weiland & Brian Rippeto

Want the source code for the RailsCast? Check it out [here](https://github.com/railscasts/154-polymorphic-association-revised).

### ActiveRecord Obstacle Course (10:00 - 12:00)

Big Workspace

### Sessions, Cookies and Flashes (1:00 - 2:30)

Big Workspace. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/cookies_sessions_flashes.markdown).


## 1602

### All: Git and GitHub for Pairs (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A.

### All: Project Kickoff (10:30 - 11:00)

Pairs are as Follows:

* Matt Pindell & Kami Boers
* Joshua Washke & Marina Corona
* Jonathan Liss &  Andrew Thompson
* Jonathan Bernesser & Gurusundesh Khalsa
* Sal Espinosa & Christopher Soden
* Kris Foss & Ling Tran
* Alireza Andersen & Christine Gamble
* Colin Osborn & Mark Miranda
* Jennifer Soden & Patrick Hardy
* Ashwin Rao & Emily Blanchard
* Jared Roth & Jeneve Parrish
* Deborah Hamel & Thomas Pickett
* Matthew DesMarteau & Ilana Corson
* Claudia Kiesenhofer


### Work time and Mid Module Diagnostic (11:00 - 12:00)

#### With Horace
* 11:00 - Patrick Hardy
* 11:30 - Matthew DesMarteau

#### With Nate
* 11:00 - Claudia Kiesenhofer
* 11:30 - Jonathan Liss

#### With Mike
* 11:00 - Ling Tran
* 11:30 - Sal Espinosa

#### With Rachel
* 11:00 - Emily McClung
* 11:30 - Kris Foss

#### With Tess
* 11:00 - Ashwin Rao
* 11:30 - Jennifer Soden


### Mid Module Diagnostic (1:00 - 2:30)

#### With Horace
* 1:00 - Jeneve Parrish
* 1:30 - Emily Blanchard
* 2:00 - Kami Boers

#### With Nate
* 1:00 - Deborah Hamel
* 1:30 - Christopher Soden
* 2:00 - Colin Osborn

#### With Mike
* 1:00 - Joshua Washke
* 1:30 - Marina Corona
* 2:00 - Mark Miranda

#### With Andrew
* 1:00 - Jared Roth
* 1:30 - Andrew Thompson
* 2:00 - Jonathan Bernesser

#### With Tess
* 1:00 - Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 1:30 - Thomas Pickett
* 2:00 - Matt Pindell

#### With Jorge
* 1:00 - Alireza Andersen
* 1:30 - Ilana Corson
* 2:00 - Christine Gamble
