---
title: 20160216
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

* calumniate - verb - to make false and malicious statements about; slander

### Posse Challenge (8:30 - 9:00)

Check out [this week's Posse Challenge](https://github.com/turingschool/posse_challenges/tree/master/people_database).

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)


## 1508

### Recursion and Generators (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work.

### Project Work Time and Check Ins (1:00 - 2:30)

Schedule TBA.


## 1510

### Getting Started with OAuth (9:00 - 11:00)

Join Lovisa in Classroom B to learn about OAuth.

Please clone the [secretit](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/secretic) repo before class.

### JSON Fundamentals (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom B.

### APICurious Kickoff (1:00 - 2:30)

Curious.


## 1511

### Rush Hour Evaluations (9:00 - 11:15)

Bring your notebook to evalutions so that you can take notes to add to your Module 2 portfolio.

#### With Rachel

* 9:00 Nick Weiland & Alexis Navarrete & Chelsea Johnson
* 9:45 Adrienne Domingus & July Tran & Adam Hundley
* 10:30 Nicholas Dorans & Erinna Chen

With Andrew:

* 9:00 Julian Feliciano & Scott Firestone & Nate Venn
* 9:45 Hedy Woo & Heidi Hoopes & David Whitaker
* 10:30 Charles Ellison & Allan Blair & Admir Draganovic
* 11:15 Kimiko Kano & Brian Rippeto & Brennan Holtzclaw

While you're not in evaluations, read [this article](http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-on-rails/routing) on routing in Rails in preparation for this afternoon's first Rails class. Google terms that are unfamiliar to you. Then answer the questions in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/rwarbelow/c3575b4e49641c02fe18). Fork it, answer the questions, and add the link to your finished version in the comments of the original. Finish the questions before this afternoon's REST, Controllers, and Routing class.

Other than completing the questions in that gist, there are no other requirements for this morning. Take a breather before we jump into Rails this afternoon. You might also choose to:

* add your Rush Hour scores and notes to your Module 2 portfolio
* start or continue a blog post for your portfolio
* explore the [Rails Guides](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html) for routing

### REST, Controllers and Routing in Rails (1:00 - 2:30)

Meet Rachel in Classroom C. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/rest_routing_and_controllers_in_rails.markdown).

### Protocol (2:30 - 4:00)

Big Workspace.

## 1602

### Sorting Suite Evals (9:00 - 11:30)

#### With Horace
* 9:00 - Andrew Thompson
* 9:30 - Gurusundesh Khalsa
* 10:00 - Jonathan Bernesser
* 10:30 - Jonathan Liss

#### With Nate
* 9:00 - Joshua Washke
* 9:30 - Kami Boers
* 10:00 - Marina Corona
* 10:30 - Matt Pindell
* 11:00 - Sal Espinosa

### All: Pairing Patterns (9:00 - 11:30)

Classroom A. You will be working in the following pairs.

* Andrew Thompson & Joshua Washke
* Gurusundesh Khalsa & Kami Boers
* Jonathan Bernesser & Marina Corona
* Jonathan Liss & Matt Pindell
* Sal Espinosa & Alireza Andersen
* Ashwin Rao & Christine Gamble
* Christopher Soden & Claudia Kiesenhofer
* Colin Osborn & Deborah Hamel
* Emily Blanchard & Emily McClung
* Ilana Corson & Jared Roth
* Jeneve Parrish & Jennifer Soden
* Kris Foss & Ling Tran
* Mark Miranda & Matthew DesMarteau
* Patrick Hardy & Thomas Pickett

### Echo: Project Kickoff (11:30 - 12:00)

Staff Table.

### Foxtrot: Project Q & A (11:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A.

### All: Testing Strategies: (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom A.




