---
title: 20160510
layout: outline
---

## All

### Word of the Day

**quaff** - *verb* - to drink a beverage copiously and with hearty enjoyment

### Lunch Roulette Groups

## 1511

### Homework

[Fork this gist on ES6 and respond](https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/8435729452a3e3ad8cd3)

### Challenge: Echo (9:00 - 9:30)

Meet with Meeka in Big Workspace. You'll be working on a small challenge called Echo.

* [Echo](https://github.com/turingschool/challenges/blob/master/echo.markdown)

You'll be working in the following pairs:

 * Chelsea Johnson & Adam Hundley
 * Nick Weiland & David Whitaker
 * Brennan Holtzclaw & Nicholas Dorans
 * Erinna Chen & Taylor Moore
 * Scott Firestone & Adrienne Domingus
 * Brian Rippeto & Heidi Hoopes & Allan Blair
 * Nate Venn & Julian Feliciano [At NREL]
 * July Tran & Kimiko Kano [At NREL]

### Array Prototype Methods (9:30 - 12:00)

Stick around in the Big Workspace.

- [Clone down this repository][mdn]. You'll be using it all module.
- We'll be working through [this lesson plan][apm].
- You'll be filling out these [checks for understanding][cfu].

[mdn]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck
[apm]: https://github.com/mdn/advanced-js-fundamentals-ck/tree/gh-pages/tutorials/01-array-prototype-methods
[cfu]: https://gist.github.com/rrgayhart/7b9c8bc4fe78a51196f25f966d055af3

You'll be working in the following pairs:

 * Taylor Moore & Heidi Hoopes
 * Adam Hundley & Nick Weiland
 * David Whitaker & Brennan Holtzclaw
 * Nicholas Dorans & Erinna Chen
 * Scott Firestone & Chelsea Johnson
 * Adrienne Domingus & Brian Rippeto & Allan Blair
 * Nate Venn & Julian Feliciano [At NREL]
 * July Tran & Kimiko Kano [At NREL]

### Project Work Time and Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

(All times are estimates.)

#### With Meeka

- 1:00 - 1:20: Adam Hundley [and Louisa]
- 1:20 - 1:40: Brian Rippeto [and Brenna]
- 1:40 - 2:00: Adrienne Domingus
- 2:00 - 2:20: Brennan Holtzclaw
- 2:40 - 3:00: Nick Weiland

#### With Louisa

- 1:20 - 1:40: Scott Firestone
- 1:40 - 2:00: Heidi Hoopes
- 2:00 - 2:20: David Whitaker
- 2:20 - 2:40: Chelsea Johnson

#### With Brenna

- 1:40 - 2:00: Nicholas Dorans
- 2:00 - 2:20: Erinna Chen
- 2:40 - 3:00: Taylor Moore

## 1602


### Seeding Data Efficiently (9:00 - 10:00)

Nate in Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/seeding_data_efficiently.md)

### Understanding Multitenancy (10:00 - 12:00)

Nate in Classroom B.

[Lesson Plan](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/understanding_multitenancy.md)


### Project Checkins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Come meet with your client in this order:  
(Times are approximate)  

#### With Josh  
- 1:00 -  Mark, Thomas, Kami  
- 1:40 -  Ashwin, Patrick, Josh  
- 2:20 -  Jonathan Bernesser, Chris, Sal, Chad  
- 3:00 -  Kris, Hedy, Jonathan Liss, Jared  

#### With Nate  
- 1:00 - Jeneve, Drew, Sunny  
- 1:40 - Admir, Matt, Marina  
- 2:20 - Ling, Ali, Alex, Claudia  

## 1603

### CRUD in Sinatra (9:00 - 12:00)
Come to classroom C to learn about CRUD in Sinatra. [This is the lesson plan.](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/crud_sinatra.markdown)

### Intro to Bootstrap (1:00 - 4:00)
Join Andrew in Classroom C to learn how the web works. Guess who wrote the initial version of this lesson. I bet you can't tell. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_02-web_applications_with_ruby/introduction_to_bootstrap.markdown).


## 1605

### All: Talking Mentoring and Posses with Mary (9:00 - 9:30)

Classroom A.

### All: Posses and Mentors Q & A (9:30 - 10:00)

Stay in Classroom A.

### Echo: SuperFizz Recap (10:00 - 10:30)

Mike at the table.

### Foxtrot: Strings and Integers Recap (10:00 - 10:30)

Classroom A with Rachel.

* rennsport5280, garrett.smestad
* josh, nanderson
* codingzero, calebcowen
* vidoseaver, zackforbing
* dtin, mattcampbell
* angela.l, rsbarbo
* b.randall1985, patrick_w

With your pair:

1) First person will choose two tests from `string_test.rb` that are confusing and discuss them with pair. 
2) Second person will choose two tests from `fixnum_test.rb` that are confusing and discuss them with pair. 
3) First person will show implementation of `First & Last` from Working With Strings and Integers challenge. 
4) Second person will show implementation of `Names` from Working With Strings and Integers challenge. 
5) First person will show implementation of `People` from Working With Strings and Integers challenge. 
6) Second person will show implementation of `Happy Birthday` from Working With Strings and Integers challenge. 

### Echo: String and Integer Riddles (10:30 - 12:00)

Stay at the table.

### Foxtrot: Flow Control (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom A with Rachel. Find the outline [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_01-object_oriented_programming_with_ruby/flow_control.markdown). 

* zackforbing, lin
* garrett.smestad, codingzero
* rennsport5280, luigi_ave1
* jhanna, patrick_w
* lane, angela.l
* vidoseaver, mattcampbell
* b.randall1985, rsbarbo
* kris, josh
* soniagupta504, nanderson
* calebcowen, dtin

### All: Team Building (1:00 - 3:00)

Classroom A.

### Student Activities Mixer (3:00 - 4:00)

Classroom A
