---
title: 20160909
layout: outline
---

## Announcements
**Professional Skills Sessions**

* BEE M4: Negotiations (Wed)
* BEE M3: Strategies for Innovative Problem Solving (Thu)
* BEE M2: Networking (Fri)

## All

### Surveys

* [1603](http://goo.gl/NIgB1b)
* [1605](https://goo.gl/forms/kfIDiw6UYpJHYRLn1)
* [1606-B](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdOBMQ5AJQiXe6rIFuD8YYUw5GW_6q3uU2AxGeqY7a-zCpLPA/viewform)
* [1608-B](https://goo.gl/forms/l4VXJOy24lQHMo122)

### Guest Speaker: Ingrid Alongi (9:00 - 10:00) - Blake Street
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ingridalongi
Website: https://twitter.com/electromute

**Let’s talk all things jobs with Ingrid**

Ingrid is the Head of Talent Development at Quick Left Cognizant and the chairwoman on Turing’s Board.

Ingrid started her career as a Web applications developer while finishing up grad school in the late 1990s. The first half of her career was in the Interactive Agency space, where she focused on integrated marketing solutions, analytics, search engine marketing, email marketing and strategic planning for consumer facing web sites. In addition to her work as an engineer, she emerged as a positive leader and began to focus on running a team and the web development process as a whole, where she eventually became Director of Technology at Red Door Interactive in San Diego.

Over time, Ingrid found that the agency space was not conducive to a successful software development process, nor did it leave much room to be innovative. So, in 2007, she went back to her hometown of Boulder, Colorado, where she began a job at a venture funded startup, Me.dium, Inc., which eventually re-branded as OneRiot to focus on a real time ad platform. With some shifts in focus, she moved on to a newly formed company, Gnip, where she primarily focused on supporting developers who were using the API as well as developing sample applications to showcase the streaming data platform.

A shift in Gnip's product focus landed her out of a job, where she regrouped with the fellow co-founders of Quick Left in late 2009. Having experience with both interactive agencies and venture-funded start ups, Ingrid wanted to combine the best parts of both worlds--providing job stability for engineers, while at the same time focusing on innovative, interesting and challenging work.

Specialties: Ingrid loves working with people, making connections, motivating, collaborating and solving problems. The irony that successful technologies are those that connect people makes perfect sense to Ingrid, who has always been interested in the intersection of technology and human connection. While she's no longer writing code, she'll always be an engineer at heart, thinking strategically about providing meaningful solutions.

### Instructional Time (10:00 - 4:00)

## 1603

### Check-ins

#### With Nate

- Ilana Corson
- Anna Weisbrodt
- Ryan Batty
- Charles Kaminer
- Marcella Wigg
- Nick Pisciotta

#### With Meeka

- Lucy Fox
- Brian Sayler
- Robert Jaeger
- Erin Greenhalgh
- Christopher Soden
- Parker Phillips

## 1605

### Project Evaluations (10:00 - 12:00)

#### With Andrew

* (10:00 - 10:30) - Tommasina Miller & Jason Hanna
* (10:30 - 11:00) - Garrett Smestad & Christopher Concannon
* (11:00 - 11:30) - Jennifer Soden & Nicole Marino
* (11:30 - 12:00) - Caleb Cowen & Trent Whitinger

#### With Sally (In-Person)

* (10:00 - 10:30) - Zachary Forbing & Yoseph Anderson
* (10:30 - 11:00) - Linda McCartney & Roberta Doyle
* (11:00 - 11:30) - Michael Lane Winham & Kris Sparks
* (11:30 - 12:00) - Matthew Packer & David Tinianow

#### With Josh

* (10:00 - 10:30) - Karina Gonzalez & Deb Hamel
* (10:30 - 11:00) - Ryan Flach & Patrick Wentz
* (11:00 - 11:30) - Angela Lindow & Matthew Campbell


### Fare Harbor Pitch (1:00 - 2:00)

Classroom B.

LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/adamhundley](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adamhundley)
Website: [https://fareharbor.com/](https://fareharbor.com/)

Welcome Adam Hundley, software developer at FreeHarbor, Turing grad, and Sally's brother-in-laws girlfriend's best friend's spouse! He will be pitching a project idea. Huzzah!

### Self-Directed Project (2:00 - 4:00)

Still in Classroom B.

* (2:00 - 3:00) - Project Intro
* (3:00 - 4:00) - Project Ideation & Prep

## 1606-B

### Networking (10:00 - 11:00)

Classroom C

### Lightning Talks & Weekly Recap (11:00 - 12:00)

Classroom C

### Review: Authentication & Authorization (1:00 - 2:30)

Classroom C

### Rails Views Tips & Tricks (2:30 - 4:00)

Classroom C

## 1608-B

### Project Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Jeff
* 9:00  - Anna Dolan
* 9:25  - Nick Martinez
* 9:50  - Brandon Randall
* 10:15 - Brett Rivers
* 10:40 - Dan Olson
* 11:05 - Michael Scherer

#### With Mike
* 9:00  - Ali Schlereth
* 9:25  - Brad Green
* 9:50  - Eric Wahlgren-Sauro
* 10:15 - Jon Kimble
* 10:40 - Morgan Slimak
* 11:05 - Ryan Travitz

#### With Beth
* 9:00  - Alisher Sadikov
* 9:25  - David Junta
* 9:50  - Jason Conrad
* 10:15 - Kendall Taylor
* 10:40 - Vido Seaver
* 11:05 - Robbie Smith

#### With Mark
* 9:00  - Noah Berman
* 9:25  - Megan Talbot
* 9:50  - Lee Saville
* 10:15 - Joey Stansfield
* 10:40 - Erin Pintozzi
* 11:05 - Daniel Shin
* 11:30 - Anthony Ciccone
