---
title: 20150924
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1957, President Dwight D. Eisenhower, sends the 101st Airborne Division to Little Rock, Arkansas to enforce desegregation.


## Stranger Danger

These are our visitors for today!

### Josh Wehner

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jaw6)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuawehner)


## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

Instead of warm up, please fill out this [survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/16Iof_uf9I4utm5pOhwZ3LgHv_SnWoV2ZZqbB0rxCxRM/edit)
for Mary, and so we can improve our mentor-student relations!



## 1503

### Guest Instructor Josh Wehner Double Header

Classroom C.

#### Currying & Partial Application in Javascript (9:00 - 10:30)

#### ES6 Classes and Computed Properties (10:30 - 12:00)

### Practice Assessment Evaluations (1:00 - 4:00)

Meet with Horace to discuss your projects from yesterday.

* 1:00 - Margarett
* 1:15 - Justin
* 1:30 - Morgan
* 1:45 - Whitney
* 2:00 - Drew
* 2:15 - Vanessa
* 2:30 - Sally
* 2:45 - Josh
* 3:00 - Brett
* 3:15 - Max

When you're not meeting with Horace, continue working with your group
on your chat projects. Try to wrap up the functionality for your
basic "vanilla" chat interface today.

Seek out Josh W. if you get stuck.

__Mini Project Checkins__

Meet briefly with Horace to discuss your progress on the
current mini project.

* Whitney - 3:30
* Vanessa - 3:45

## 1505

### Project Work Time (9:00 - 12:00)

Work on your projects. By this point, you should be consuming an external API and displaying that information on your page.

Remember that the project evaluations are on Wednesday afternoon.

### Project Check-ins and Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Jorge

* 1:45 - David Shim
* 2:00 - Max Millington
* 2:15 - Alex Tideman
* 2:30 - Lovisa Svallingson
* 2:45 - Jai Misra
* 3:00 - Adam Caron
* 3:15 - Drew Conly
* 3:30 - Mitch Ashby

#### With Tess

* 1:15 - Rick Bacci
* 1:30 - Erik Butcher
* 2:15 - Jack Yeh
* 2:30 - Tyler Graham
* 2:45 - Michael Merrill
* 3:00 - Dmitry Vizersky

#### With David Daniel

* 2:15 - Samson Brock
* 2:30 - Marla Brizel
* 2:45 - Sebastian Abondano
* 3:00 - Rob Cornell
* 3:15 - Dave Maurer
* 3:30 - Michael Dorrance

## 1507

### Intro to the Asset Pipeline (9:00 - 10:30)

Classroom B.

### Transactions, Callbacks and Scopes (10:30 - 12:00)

Classroom B still.

### Little Shop Work Time and Check-Ins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### Meet with Josh

* 1:00 - Bret & Travis & Rose & Mimi
* 1:30 - Chris & MB & Russell & Jeff
* 2:00 - Justin & Matt & Alon & Regis
* 2:30 - Ryan & Michael & David & Justin
* 3:00 - George & Matt & Jerrod & Adam

#### Meet with Mike

* 2:00 - Bret & Travis & Rose & Mimi
* 2:30 - Chris & MB & Russell & Jeff
* 3:00 - Justin & Matt & Alon & Regis
* 3:30 - Ryan & Michael & David & Justin


## 1508

### Echo: Headcount Evaluations (9:00 - 12:00)

#### With Josh

Evening of the 23rd:

* 9:45 - Matt Stjernholm & Ross Edfort
* Tyler Komoroske & Chad Minnerath

Morning of the 24th:

*  8:30 - Ryan Johnson & Robert Lane
*  9:00 - Charissa Lawrence & Shannon Paige
*  9:30 - Patrick Wey & Jason Pilz
* 10:00 - Torie Joy-Warren

#### Improving the specification / test harness (11:00 - 11:30)

Meet in A to spitball things that could make more sense.
Lets improve the specification and the test harness for
the Foxtrotters! (❤️ ❤️ ❤️  y'all!)

### Foxtrot: Work Time (9:00 - 11:30)

Work

### All: Final Assessment Prep (11:30 - 12:00)

Meet with Mike in Classroom A.

### Foxtrot: Work Time and HC Checkins (1:00 - 4:00)

#### With Tim

* 1:00 - Amber Crawford & Emily Dowdle
* 1:30 - Marlo Major & Jill Donohue
* 2:00 - Jhun de Andres & Cole Hall
* 2:30 - Edgar Duran & John Slota
* 3:00 - Sekhar Paladugu & Penney Garrett
* 3:30 - Matthew Rooney & Aaron Careaga

### Echo: How HTTP works! (1:00 - 3:30)

Classroom A, new projects! Zomg, fun times for all!

### Echo: Build your own webserver kickoff (3:30 - 4:00)

Classroom A.
