---
title: 20150715
layout: outline
---

Today, in 1834, the Spanish Inquisition was disbanded. That was unexpected.

## All

### Warm Up (8:30 - 9:00)

There are 5 houses in 5 different colors. In each house lives a person of a different nationality. The 5 owners drink a certain type of beverage, smoke a certain brand of cigar, and keep a certain pet. Using the clues below can you determine who owns the fish?

* The Brit lives in a red house.
* The Swede keeps dogs as pets.
* The Dane drinks tea.
* The green house is on the immediate left of the white house.
* The green house owner drinks coffee.
* The person who smokes Pall Mall rears birds.
* The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill.
* The man living in the house right in the middle drinks milk.
* The Norwegian lives in the first house.
* The man who smokes Blend lives next door to the one who keeps cats.
* The man who keeps horses lives next door to the man who smokes Dunhill.
* The owner who smokes Blue Master drinks chocolate.
* The German smokes Prince.
* The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
* The man who smokes Blend has a neighbor who drinks water.

Five points by posting your solution in #warmup-answers with your full posse name before 9:00.

### Women Who Code Ruby Study Group (6:30 - 8:30)

If you are not attending, the food is not for you.

## 1502

### IdeaBox 2.0 Recap and Refactor (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Steve as you talk about IdeaBox and look at how you can refactor it. Classroom B.

* [Idea Box Submissions](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/ideabox-submissions)
* [Idea Box Recap Requests](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/ideabox-recap)

### Project Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work on Upping your Scales.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Continue on your projects.


## 1503

### Project Work Time: ALL DAY.

All day, erry day. Well not EVERY day, but you get the point.


## 1505

### Traffic Spy Q and A (9:00 - 10:00)

All of your questions about Traffic Spy, answered by Josh in Classroom C.

### Project Work Time (10:00 - 12:00)

Get ye to work.

### Project Work Time (1:00 - 4:00)

Guess what you will be doing during this time?


## 1507

### All: Understanding Call Stacks and Return Values (9:00 - 10:30)

Join Jeff in Classroom A.

### All: Work Time (10:30 - 12:00)

Work where you like for the rest of the morning.

### All: Debugging Techniques (1:00 - 3:00)

Learn how to debug your code in the Big Workspace with Mike.

[Slides](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/htzj11lf6nlynmh/AAAo-8ysv-maOfuhg-HsdJcJa/R1%20Object%20Oriented%20Programming%20in%20Ruby/debugging_techniques.key?dl=0)

### All: Work Time (3:00 - 4:00)

Work!

### All: Homework - Mythical Creatures

[Mythical Creatures v1.1](https://github.com/turingschool/ruby-exercises/tree/master/mythical-creatures)
